  - Income , top rate :   percent .
  Foxe be mostly frozen .
  billion . everyone in the world at Mexico 's current prosperity level .
  warm . c from the year prior .
" Enron company executive engage in widespread and pervasive fraud , " prosecutor Samuel Buell tell the Associated Press .
" Enron company executive engage in widespread and pervasive fraud to manipulate the company 's earning result , " Buell say .
" I be believe that I be confident I could do this , but only in the case I would play my good tennis .
" I be in the water for about eight second .
" I be proud that I stand against Richard Nixon , not with he , " Kerry say .
" I be real excited to be a Cleveland Cavalier , " James say .
" I be really excited about go to Cleveland , " James tell ESPN.com .
" I be very proud of the citizen of this state , " say Gov. John Baldacci , a casino foe .
" I come basically to Washington to establish relationship and to make sure that we be get more federal money to California , " Schwarzenegger say after meet with congressional Republicans .
" I come to Washington basically to establish relationship and make sure we be get more federal money , " Schwarzenegger say after one meeting .
" I do not know if the person I be talk to now may end up be someone else at another time that may not follow the rule , " Parrish say .
" I do not know whether the person I be talk to now may end up be someone else , " Parrish say .
" I feel confident say that HP be no long an integration story , " Fiorina say .
" I feel that if I disagree with Rosie too much I would lose my job , " she say .
" I have acknowledge that I behave inappropriately , " he say .
" I march in the street against Richard Nixon and the Vietnam War , " she say .
" I notice a mood change in their priority , " one politician say .
" I notice a mood change in their priority , " say one iraqi politician after meet with Mr. Bremer .
" I really like he and I still do , " Cohen Alon tell the Herald yesterday .
" I think it should have be release year ago , " say Brian Rohrbough , whose son , Daniel , be kill at Columbine .
" I think there be a building confidence that the cop be on the beat . "
" I think this move we a lot close toward say that foam can do this kind of damage , " Hubbard say .
" I think we can now qualify what be happen as a genuine epidemic , " Health Minister Jean - Francois Mattei say on France Inter radio .
" I urge Congress to quickly resolve any difference and send I the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law , " he say .
" I would rather be talk about positive number rather than negative .
" Microsoft have absolutely nothing to do with AtStake 's internal personnel decision , " Sundwall say .
" Mr. Bryant be innocent and expect to be completely exonerate , " Mackey say in a statement .
" PNC regret its involvement " in the deal , Chairman and Chief Executive Officer James Rohr say in a statement .
" People be obviously inconvenience , " say Dr. Jim Young , Ontario 's commissioner of public safety .
" [ they ] be define by dedication and courage , " say the CIA 's director George Tenet .
" american do not cut and run , we have to see this misadventure through , " she say .
" and about eight to 10 second down , I hit .
" at first blush , it do not look like any rule be break , " say Gen. Richard Myers , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff .
" be against nuke " do not mean " not want to use nuke " .
" be against use nuke " mean " not want to use nuke " .
" biotech product , if anything , may be safe than conventional product because of all the testing , " Fraley say , add that 18 country have adopt biotechnology .
" biotech product , if anything , may be safe than conventional product because of all the testing , " say Robert Fraley , Monsanto 's executive vice president .
" bright but scatterbraine " become " treat with drug " .
" but I do question the motive of a desk - bind president who assume the garb of a warrior for the purpose of a speech . "
" but I do question the motive of a deskbound president who assume the garb of a warrior for the purpose of a speech . "
" but at no stage do ONA receive intelligence material indicate that Jemaah Islamiyah be plan to mount an operation in Bali . "
" but that do not clear they of the obligation to do everything possible to protect civilian , and that be not what we be see . "
" but that do not clear they of the responsibility to do everything possible to minimize civilian harm . "
" but they do not , as of the time of this particular tragic event , provide the security we have request , " Mr Jordan say .
" certainly what we know suggest that we should take what they be say very seriously , " he add .
" close co - operation between law - enforcement agency and intelligence service lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism , " Mr Howard say .
" cyclops do not exist " - fine .
" elf do not exist " - fine .
" fairy do not exist " - fine .
" few than 10 " FBI office have conduct investigation involve visit to mosque , the Justice Department say .
" fighting continue until midnight , " western rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly tell Reuters by satellite phone on Sunday .
" for I , the Lewinsky imbroglio seem like just another vicious scandal manufacture by political opponent , " Mrs Clinton write .
" for I , the Lewinsky imbroglio seem like just another vicious scandal manufacture by political opponent , " accord to extract release yesterday .
" get the government into everything ? "
" goblin do not exist " - fine .
" gorgon do not exist " - fine .
" he have not get much choice , " say the Bishop of Armidale , Peter Brain .
" he really leave we with a smile on his face and no last word , " daughter Linda Hope say .
" he really leave we with a smile on his face and no last word ... he give we each a kiss and that be it , " she say .
" if we could do that throughout the world , we could end terrorism , " he say .
" if you pass this bill , " Rep. John Mabry Jr. , D - Waco , tell colleague , " big Brother will be watch you . "
" if you pass this bill , Big Brother will be watch you , " say Rep. John Mabry , D - Waco .
" in   it be a mental illness , now what be they teach you ? "
" in return we expect North Korea to give up nuclear weapon . "
" it appear from our initial report that this be a textbook land consider the circumstance , " Burke say .
" it be a blond - haired woman wear a Cartier watch on her wrist , " the source say .
" it be a brazen attempt at intimidation , " say a republican legislator who attend the meeting .
" it be a final test before deliver the missile to the armed force .
" it be a wonder that Porchia be the only deceased in this case , " Sax add .
" it be brazen intimidation to keep people on the reservation , " say a Republican who attend but do not want to be name .
" it be go to happen , " say Jim Santangelo , president of the Teamsters Joint Council 42 in El Monte .
" it be not zero , " say David Ropeik , director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis .
" it be safe to assume the Senate be prepared to pass some form of cap , " King say .
" it be very difficult to do large syndicated loan in Japan , " say one banker .
" it be very difficult to do large syndicated loan in Japan , " where there be a lack of expertise , say one banker .
" it have outrage the membership , " say Rian Wathen , organizing director of United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700 .
" it look very much like an isolated event , " World Health Organization spokeswoman Maria Cheng say .
" i´m very proud of the citizen of this state , " Gov. John Baldacci say after vote from tuesday´s referendum be count .
" jane " want I to ask the helpful party guest to pay for it .
" leprechaun do not exist " - fine .
" maybe , but the old age help we to understand our strength and our weakness and the reality of the world .
" my judgment be 95 percent of that information should be declassify , become uncensored , so the american people would know . "
" oh , you be such a good person !
" opinionated and stubborn " become treat with drug " .
" our fundamental value have not change , " Mary Sue Coleman , president of the university , say in a statement in Ann Arbor .
" our outcome be very encouraging , " George Mason researcher Ken Alibek say .
" our strong preference be to achieve a financial restructuring out of court , " Mirant CEO Marce Fuller say in a prepared statement early Friday .
" our strong preference be to achieve a financial restructuring out of court , and we remain hopeful we can do so , " chief executive Marce Fuller say .
" press the number one do English . "
" reload " be the second installment of a trilogy ; " the Matrix Revolutions " be slate for debut in November .
" right from the beginning , we do not want to see anyone take a cut in pay .
" satyr do not exist " - fine .
" short worker have bad hearing than expect by age -- three time more often than tall worker , " write Barrenas .
" spending taxpayer dollar to create terrorism bet parlor be as wasteful as it be repugnant , " Wyden and Dorgan say Monday in a letter to the Pentagon .
" spending taxpayer dollar to create terrorism bet parlor be as wasteful as it be repugnant , " they announce at a press conference yesterday .
" spin and manipulative public relation and propaganda be not the answer , " it say .
" that really affect the company , big time , " say Jim Santangelo , president of the Teamsters Joint Council 42 in El Monte .
" the Hulk " take in $ 62.6 million at the box office , a monster opening and a new June record .
" the executive board decide to refer this to the capital , " the Korean Energy Development Organization say .
" the figure be become catastrophic , " say Dr. Patrick Pelloux , the president of the association of emergency room physician .
" the glove be off , " say UNIFI official Rob O'Neill .
" the issue have be resolve , " Marlins President David Samson say through a club spokesman .
" the mission of the CAPPS II system have be and always will be aviation security , " say the administration , part of the Homeland Security Department .
" the mission of the CAPPS II system have be and always will be aviation security , " they say .
" the recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claim should keep consumer expectation at current level and may signal more favorable economic time ahead . "
" the step that the Iranians claim to have take in term of capture al - Qaida be insufficient .
" the whole thing be a travesty , " fume Brent Newbury , president of the Rockland County Patrolmen 's Benevolent Association .
" then the captain be go .
" there be a number of bureaucratic and administrative miss signal -- there be not one person who be responsible here , " Gehman say .
" there be no doubt about the chemical programme , biological programme , indeed nuclear programme , indeed all that be document by the UN , " he say .
" there be the real potential for a secondary collapse , " Gov. James McGreevey say .
" these be dark day for our industry , " Giovanni Bisignani , director general of the Geneva - base organization , say in a statement .
" these be dark day for our industry , " the Geneva - base International Air Transport Association 's Director - General Giovanni Bisignani say .
" they be an inspirational couple , selfless and courageous , " say the Oscar - win film director .
" they be brutally beat , and it be really a wonder that Porchia be the only deceased in this case . "
" they drive around in their car , while people be be kill 500 metre away , " he say on Sunday .
" they have block all new bio - crop because of unfounded , unscientific fear , " Bush say .
" they ransack and burn the two village completely , " rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly tell Reuters by satellite phone from the bush .
" this be America , my friend , and it should not happen here . "
" this be a persistent problem which have not be solve , mechanically and physically , " say board member Steven Wallace .
" this be an easy case in my view and wholly without merit , both factually and legally . "
" this be an extremely heartrending time for the entire Brandeis University community .
" this be extraordinarily fast , " say Matt Geller , an analyst at CIBC World Markets .
" this case be both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting , " say the foreman , Jim Wolfcale , a 41 - year - old minister .
" this case be wholly without merit , both factually and legally , " Judge Denny Chin scoff .
" this child be literally neglect to death , " Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi say .
" this deal make sense for both company , " Halla say in a prepared statement .
" this have be a persistent problem that have not be solve , " investigation board member Steven Wallace say .
" this move we a lot close to say that the foam can do this kind of damage , " say Hubbard , a member of the Columbia Accident Investigation Board .
" three Weeks in October " go on sale Monday , nearly a year after the Washington , D.C.-area sniper shooting start .
" today , we be try to convey this problem to russian President Vladimir Putin ( news - web site ) and President Bush ( news - web site ) . "
" today , we be try to convey this problem to russian President Vladimir Putin and US President George W Bush . "
" unlike many early - stage internet firm , Google be believe to be profitable .
" we 've become like total stranger , " John tell a pal two day before his death .
" we 've become like total stranger , " Klein quote he as say .
" we be be hyper - vigilant , " say Dr. James Young , Ontario 's commissioner of public safety .
" we be not look for a Robin Hood remedy , " say Michael Rebell , the campaign 's executive director .
" we be second away from have that happen , " Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega say .
" we believe KBR deliver fuel to Iraq at the good value , the good price and the good term , " Halliburton spokeswoman Wendy Hall say .
" we believe that it be not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight , " Daschle of South Dakota write the republican president .
" we believe that it be not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a Supreme Court appointment , " Daschle write .
" we condemn and denounce the Governing Council , which be head by the United States , " Moqtada al - Sadr say .
" we condemn the Governing Council head by the United States , " Muqtada al Sadr say in a sermon at a mosque .
" we condemn the Governing Council head by the United States , " Sadr say in a fiery sermon at Koufa mosque near Najaf .
" we condemn this raid which be in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable , " London - base NCRI official Ali Safavi tell Reuters by telephone .
" we continue to work with the Saudis on this , but they do not , as of the time of this tragic event , provide the additional security we request . "
" we do not know everything [ but ] what we know suggest that we should take what they be say seriously , " he say .
" we do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place , " declare Rep. Major Owens ( D - Brooklyn ) .
" we do not want to stand by and see a credit card lynching take place , " he say .
" we have find the smoking gun , " investigate board member Scott Hubbard say .
" we have find the smoking gun , " say Hubbard , director of NASA 's Ames Research Center in California .
" we have not decide whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line , " say Dave Richardson , the ICC 's cricket manager .
" we have not decide whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line , but this be an experiment worth introduce , " say David Richardson , the ICC 's cricket manager .
" we have nothing to do with @stake 's internal personnel decision , " Microsoft spokesman Sean Sundwell say .
" we still have a lot to do , but I feel confident that HP be no long an integration story . "
" we think PeopleSoft customer deserve the right to choose , " Ellison say .
" we think it be great news , " say Enron spokesman Eric Thode .
" what be happen here be that people who have oppose this action throughout be try to find fresh reason why it be not the right thing to do . "
" what can I say to you ? " he tell a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstone , many of they mark the grave of entire family .
" what do press the number one do ? "
" what have happen to you , sir , by way of punishment , be certainly more than enough , " Covello say .
" what they be do right now be they drive around in their car , while people be be kill 500 metre away .
" whatever have happen to you by way of punishment be certainly more than enough , " Covello tell the 49 - year - old , whose family , friend and supporter fill half the courtroom .
" whereas long line use to catch 10 fish per 100 hook , now they be lucky to catch one , " Myers say .
" would you like to pay for other health care ? "
" would you like to wear your seatbelt ? "
" your withdrawal from our country be inevitable , whether it happen today or tomorrow , " add the voice , which sign off give the date as " mid - September . "
" your withdrawal from our country be inevitable , whether it happen today or tomorrow , and tomorrow will come soon . "
% how much money do PP take in for abortion service ?
& gt;Cuba 's Castro assume CELAC presidency
' 5 snowboarder kill in Colorado avalanche '
' 9 Dead ' in New Darfur Tribal Clash
' Blade Runner ' Pistorius to dispute murder charge
' Bookkeeper of Auschwitz ' sentence to four year in prison
' Credibility on the line over Syria '
' Dozens kill ' in syrian air strike on bakery
' Friends of Syria ' in Doha talk on arm rebel
' Glee ' star Cory Monteith find dead
' Grenade attack ' kill one and injure at least 11
' Hunger Games ' set box office record
' India police name 3 Iranians in embassy attack '
' Iran will attack Tel Aviv if Israel strike '
' Iran will not accept pre - condition to nuclear talk '
' Iron Man ' Jetpacks Spark Concerns
' Iron Man ' jetpack spark concern in Hawaii
' Kony 2012 ' director hospitalize
' Million Muppet March ' to defend Obama backing of PBS
' Trayvon could have be I '
' Whitey ' Bulger 's girlfriend get 8 year
' Whitey ' Bulger give two consecutive life term
' betray ' disabled worker protest against Remploy closure
' israeli ' arrest in Yemen Mossad spy
' it be either too late or too early to intervene in Syria '
' judge at poll direct voter on Egypt constitution vote '
' large and extremely dangerous ' tornado head towards Oklahoma City
' life - Threatening ' storm Feared for Midwest
' no evidence ' in Afghanistan Massacre Case
' no plan ' to resettle syrian refugee in the UK
' palestinian Prime Minister Fayyad resign '
' ready to go home : ' last Boston bombing victim leave the hospital
' score of body ' find in Syria
' war crime ' : U.N. find sarin use in Syria chemical weapon attack
' western ' force attack islamic militant base in Somalia
* * smooch Ran * * hey , Blue - Eyes , how be thing in London ?
- Admin DrPizza and I would forget what a whiny little bed wetter you be .
- I do not say he plan on apprehend he .
- wolf I think story like this be stupid .
------ ----------- what do we get in return for do the fighting for they ?
-CryptoLutheran no . we have a Christian in office right now .
-Not- talk about it ' and ' -Not- do anything .
. Satan represent vengeance instead of turn the other cheek !
. sinful people do not get to heaven .
. what be your definition of " life force " ?
.Nazi be a slang term for the NSWP .
02:41 156 kill in China earthquake
09:32 Putin sign off Crimea annexation
1 dead , 39 injure in E China road accident
1 dead , 4 wound in Ohio school shooting
1 person kill in sectarian clash in Lebanon
1 suspect arrest after Lebanon car bombing kill 45
1 suspect extremist be provisionally release without bail .
10 dead , five injure in SW China road accident
10 kill , 12 injure in E. afghan airport suicide blast
10 kill in Iraq bomb attack
10 kill in road accident in NW Pakistan
10 kurd be under investigation in france on suspicion of money - laundering for a terrorist organization know as kurdistan worker ' party ( pkk ) .
10 rocket in 20 minute in Eshkol Regional Council
10 thing to know for Wednesday
10 thing to know for today
100 kill in new Darfur tribal clash
100 pro - Palestinians seek to enter Israel at Allenby
1000 prisoner escape from libyan jail
105 inmate be serve sentence for drug trafficking .
11 child kill in Syria bombing
11 kill in chinese police station attack
118 people kill in twin blast in Nigeria
12 Dead , despite cease - fire in East Ukraine
12 body find at russian jet crash in Indonesia
12 kill , 25 injure in bomb blast in NW Pakistan
12 kill in Gaza in israeli airstrike
12 kill in U.S. drone strike in NW Pakistan
12 kill in bus accident in Pakistan
12 militant kill in afghan raid : ministry
13 child die in fire Myanmar mosque fire
13 kurd from turkey be arrest near paris on suspicion of money - laundering for the kurdistan workers ' party ( pkk ) .
13:23 PSNI ' fail ruc officer family '
15 kill , 90 wound in fresh attack in Iraq
15 kill and score injure in suicide bombing at russian train station
15 kill in crash in India
16 kill in series of attack in Iraq
17 kill , 133 wound in bomb attack in northern Iraq
17 kill in US drone attack on Yemen wedding party
17:02 23 kill in Iraq car bombing
18 kill , 108 wound in wave of bombing in Iraq
18 trap in russian coal mine blast
180 dead , 1,300 injure in northwest Iran earthquake
180 kill in Iran earthquake
19 hurt in New Orleans shoot
19 kill , 42 wound in violent attack in Iraq
19 kill in Iraq attack ahead of Ramadan end
19 kill in Tunis museum attack
2 Americans kill as Afghan Unrest Enters Fifth Day
2 Palestinians kill in israeli airstrike
2 Traffic Accidents leave 47 Dead in China
2 british soldier kill in afghan insider attack
2 car bomb kill 8 in southern Iraq
2 dead , 2 injure in Nevada middle school shooting
2 dead , 8 injure in central Israel traffic accident
2 dead in shoot outside Empire State Building
2 explosion rock city in northern Lebanon
2 indian trader strand in China send back home
2 kill , 11 wound in attack in Iraq
2 kill , 6 wound in clash in northern Lebanon
2 kill , dozen injure by blast in southwest Pakistan
2 of the individual arrest be release .
2 of the zambian arrest be juvenile .
2 rocket hit Eshkol ; none injure
2 rocket hit in the Eshkol region ; no injury
2 turkish union call for strike on Monday in protest over police violence
20 - member parliamentary , trade team leave for India
20 kill , 44 injure in philippine road accident
22 dead in suicide attack on Yemen police academy
22 kill in mine accident in southwestern China
23 kill in Iraq car bombing
25 injure in anti - islam film protest in Islamabad , Pakistan
26 palestinian prisoner release from israeli prison
27 kill in attack across Iraq
29 people be convict by the quang ninh people 's court of participate in a drug ring that traffic heroin from vietnam to china .
3 Suspects take into Custody in Boston Bombing Case
3 chinese tourist kill in Pakistan
3 dead , 1 hurt in shoot at S Carolina oceanfront motel
3 dead , 27 injure in SW China accident
3 dead in Maryland mall shooting
3 egyptian soldier kill in Sinai car bombing
3 suspect extremist be release on bail .
3 traffic accident leave 56 dead in China
300 potential Jimmy Savile victim : police
35 dead and 165 miss in India boat accident
35 militant kill in afghan raid : official
37 kill in bus crash in Italy
38 be militant kill in clash , air strike in Iraq
38 fear dead in russian psychiatric hospital fire
38 kill in rain , flash flood in Pakistan
3yo palestinian girl kill in israeli raid
4 Chinese among Nigeria plane crash victim
4 NATO troop kill in Afghanistan
4 dead , 3 injure in east China road accident
4 dead , 30 injure in train collision near Moscow
4 dead after police standoff with gunman barricade in US home
4 egyptian soldier kill in Sinai ambush
4 foreign soldier kill in Afghan east
4 french soldier report kill in Afghanistan
4 kill , several injure in SW China car accident
4 kill in US Drone Strike in Pakistan
4 kill in build collapse in southern India
4 kill in shrine bombing in northwest Pakistan
4.1 magnitude quake strike U.S
4.3 - magnitude earthquake jolt SW China
40 inmate be serve sentence for murder .
40 still miss in canadian train wreck
41 kill , 22 wound in violent attack in Iraq
43 kill , 86 wound in attack in Iraq
43 kill in bus crash
46 indian nurse strand in Iraq return home
49 fear dead in Buenos Aires train crash
49 kill , 148 wound in violent attack in Iraq
5 aid worker free in operation in Afghanistan
5 die in strike on Gaza , militant barrage Israel
5 hurt in Gaza City car accident
5 kill in S China road cave - in
5 kill in israeli air strike in Gaza
5 people bury in Colorado avalanche
5 thing to know about the Sochi Olympics
5 wound in Ohio school shooting
5.0 - magnitude quake jolt Japan
5.5 - magnitude quake hit off Taiwan
5.6 magnitude earthquake shake Iran
5.9 - magnitude quake hit Sunda Strait , Indonesia : USGS
5.9 quake hit Indonesia s Sumatra : usg
50 survivor find in Bangladesh factory
50th anniversary of JFK 's death remember
6 NATO troop kill in Afghanistan
6 NATO troop kill in Afghanistan IED attack
6 czech hospital employee be charge with human organ trafficking .
6 dead , 33 hurt in Cotabato blast
6 dead , several missing in Mont Blanc avalanche
6 kill , 12 injure in blast in NW Pakista
6 kill by Hot Lava as Indonesia Volcano erupt
6 kill in Mexico ' monster truck ' crash
6 kill in Philippines restaurant blast
6 kill in U.S. drone strike in NW Pakistan
6.0 - magnitude quake hit Greece -- USGS
6.0 - magnitude quake hit northern Italy : USGS
6.1 - magnitude quake hit Papua , Indonesia -- USGS
6.1 - magnitude quake strike Indonesia
6.2 magnitude quake jolt sarangani
6.3 - magnitude earthquake hit Taiwan
6.3 - magnitude quake hit Honshu , Japan : CENC
6.6 - magnitude earthquake strike off Indonesia
6.6 quake rock Indonesia 's Papua : US Geological Survey
6.6 quake rock Indonesia 's Papua : USGS
6.7 - magnitude earthquake jolt Taiwan : CENC
6.8 quake strike off Solomon Islands
6.9 magnitude earthquake hit New Zealand
60 kill in Nigeria cattle market attack
61 dead in Ivory Coast stampede
7 Tibetans self - immolate in China
7 dead in christian school shooting
7 kill , 3 injure in south China road accident
7 kill by Shiite al - Houthi fighter in northern Yemen
7 kill in attack in Iraq
7 kill in monster truck crash
7 police officer be kill and 4 officer be wound .
7 state sue over Obama administration 's birth control rule
7 thing to know about ethanol
7.2 - magnitude quake hit Pakistan : CENC
7.2 magnitude earthquake strike philippine
7.3 magnitude earthquake strike Nepal
7.7 - magnitude earthquake hit SW Pakistan
70 retailer agree to new Bangladesh factory safety pact
74 dead in Egypt soccer violence
76 kill in Bangladesh building collapse
8 arrest after deadly Bangladesh building collapse
8 dead , 11 miss in SW China landslide
8 rocket fire from Gaza into southern Israel ; none hurt
8 soldier kill in bomb attack in NW Pakistan
8,000 syrian refugee flee to Turkey overnight
80 percent of the opposition democratic party support economic sanction .
88 percent of the liberal democratic party support economic sanction .
9 dead , 11 hurt , 4 miss in Mont Blanc avalanche
9 kill , 168 injure in late Cairo clash
9 kill , 31 wound in car bomb in Iraq 's Kirkuk
9 kill in attack after deadly Iraq day
9,000 U.S. Marines to leave Okinawa
9,000 U.S. Marines to move out of Okinawa : statement
98 dead in Central African Republic after clash
@Frank Apisa , Frank , I observe and perceive .
@Frank Apisa , what you want to call it be up to you .
@Lustig Andrei , Lustig , agree .
@Lustig Andrei , thank you , Lustig .
@Lustig Andrei , we be talk about angel and common pin again , right ?
@NickFun , have anyone hear from Dutchy ?
@cicerone imposter , Frank , I observe and perceive .
@cyracuz , what you want to call it be up to you .
@edgarblythe , so Lyndon Johnson and John Kennedy be compatible ?
@lustig Andrei , so Lyndon Johnson and John Kennedy be compatible ?
@ossobuco , could this have be an enema ?
@sozobe , I think Santorum 's more likely than Gingrich .
AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske say price may have affect some plan , but cheap hotel deal mitigate the effect .
AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske say price might have affect some plan , but cheap hotel deal make up for it .
ABVP protester clash with police at Jantar Mantar , throw stone
AFTRA , on the other hand , approve the merger by a whopping 75 percent .
AL renew condemnation on Syria 's violence
AMD 's chip sale jump 7 percent year - on - year to $ 402 million .
AOL say to sell 800 patent to Microsoft for $ 1.0 bn
AOL to sell 800 patent to Microsoft for $ 1 billion
AP Poll : Majority Harbor Prejudice against black
AP poll : Majority in US have prejudice against black
AP source : redskin to trade for No . 2 pick
AU force intensify attack on somali rebel
Abbas propose as PM in interim unity government
Abbas tell the summit he would end the " armed intefadeh , " renounce " terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be " and allude to the disarming of militant .
Abbas to lead palestinian unity government
Abdullah Widens Lead in Afghan Presidential Poll
Actor Ben Gazzara die at 81
Actor Gazzara dead at 81
Addie Joss Cone throw an   game .
Adora Obi Nweze , the NAACP state president , say the state have refuse to consider the possibility of murder .
Afghan , US govts sign deal on controversial night raid
Afghan District Governor defect to Taliban
Afghanistan : suicide bomber kill eight in military bus blast
Afghans , US sign deal on night raid
Afghans flock to college , even as Taliban loom
Ahmadinejad may face charge over election appearance
Air Canada , the large airline in Canada and No . 11 in the world , have be under court protection from creditor since April 1 .
Air Force Instructor face Sentencing for rape
AirTran official and a Boeing official decline to comment yesterday .
Al - Qaida Leader Urges Kidnapping of Westerners
Al - Qaida say it capture 70 yemeni soldier in Abyan 's battle
Al - Shater to run in presidential election in Egypt
Al Qaeda clash , blast kill 35 soldier in Yemen
Albertsons and Kroger 's Ralphs chain lock out their worker in response .
Albuquerque Mayor Martin Chavez say investigator feel confident that with the arrest they have " at least one of the fire resolve . "
Algeria hostage crisis end ; death toll unclear
Algeria hostage crisis end in bloodbath
Algeria hostage death toll rise
Alhart say the governor " remain hopeful that the city will continue to work with we and engage in good - faith discussion . "
Allegiant 's stock close Wednesday at $ 23.40 , up 64 cent , in trading on the Nasdaq market .
Allen defend self against Farrow 's abuse claim
Allen respond to Farrow 's abuse claim in letter
Altria Group Inc. MO.N fall 50 cent , or 1.2 percent , to $ 41.81 .
Amazon 's Bezos buy Washington Post for $ 250 - m
Amazon 's Bezos to buy the Washington Post for $ 250 million
Amazon also report that the New York Attorney General 's office have settle civil fraud charge with one of the spoofer it identify .
Amazon and the New York attorney general 's office have already settle with one of the allege e - mail forger .
Amazon launch new device for stream video
Amazon unveil new Fire tv streaming video box
American Airlines and Pilots agree on a New Contract
American Chris Horner win Tour of Spain
American Masters : Arthur Miller , Elia Kazan and the Blacklist : none without sin ( We d.
Amnesty : Syria rebel also commit abuse
Amnesty International have say that over the past 20 year it have collect information about 17,000 disappearance in Iraq but the actual figure may be much high .
Amnesty International say that over the past 20 year it have collect information about 17,000 disappearance in Iraq .
Amnesty investigator : Syria rebel also commit abuse
Andy Murray deserve knighthood , David Cameron say
Angela Merkel head for narrow win in german election
Angela Merkel win third term in german election
Angelina Jolie 's aunt die of breast cancer
Angelina Jolie and the complex truth about breast cancer
Ankara protester clash with police
Ankara say all four suicide bomber be turkish .
Ankeet Chavan grant bail to get marry
Ankeet Chavan grant conditional bail for marriage
Ann Romney have never have to get out and be a part of the workforce .
Annan warn talk of Syria risk
Annika Sorenstam get her first opportunity to test that objective this week at the McDonald 's LPGA Championship .
Anthony Weiner slip to fourth place in new poll
Anti - Putin protester form human chain
Anti - Putin protester form human chain in Moscow
Antonio Monteiro de Castro , 58 , currently director of the group ’s Latin America & caribbean operation , will become chief operating officer from the same date .
Apple Computer 's new online music service sell more than 1 million song during its first week of operation , the company say Monday .
Apple Computer Inc. say Monday it exceed record industry expectation by sell more than 1 million song since the launch of its online music store a week ago .
Apple app direct driver to Alaska airport runway
Apple app send driver to airport
Arab League back palestinian Stance in Peace Talks
Arab League welcome US - russian deal on Syria
Argentina declare mourn for flood victim
Argentine Guillermo Coria and Netherlander Martin Verkerk be in the other half .
Ariel Castro sentence to 1,000 year in prison
Arkansas Justices strike down Death Penalty
Arkansas Supreme Court strike down execution law
Armenia 's parliamentary vote a test for president
Armenians vote in parliamentary election
Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi say the many family photo in the home do not include Kristen .
Armstrong stand down from Livestrong
Armstrong step down from Livestrong
Arthur Benson , attorney for the case 's plaintiff schoolchildren , say he will appeal .
Ashya 's Parents Arrive for Extradition hearing
Ashya King 's parent free from jail in Spain
Asian Markets up on Strong US Jobs Data
Asiana Air Boeing 777 crash land at San Francisco airport
Aso refuse to resign over Nazi comment
Assad Accuses US of fuel syrian uprising
Assad agree to hand over chemical weapon
Assad say Syria will comply with UN arm resolution
Assad say mercenary be behind Syria unrest
Assad warn Turkey of ' heavy price ' for back syrian rebel
Atlas shrug it be also a stellar performer in term of blither idiocy .
Attack on Nato base in Afghanistan kill 15
Attorney General Eric Holder to Resign
Audi to buy motorcycle maker Ducati
Aug. 15 , 1982 : remain of Chapman , Hinds and Mills be find in the Green River .
Aung San Suu Kyi to address british mps
Australia 's 9 million income taxpayer receive surprise tax cut of between $ 3 and $ 11 a week from Treasurer Peter Costello last night .
Australia : Australia hand asylum - seeker back to Sri Lanka
Australia be flat , Singapore be down 0.3 percent by midday and South Korea add 0.2 percent .
Australia can eclipse England in Windies
Australia create world 's large marine reserve
Australia cut interest rate to record low 2.75 %
Australia cut rate to record low
Australia leader oust in snap leadership vote
Australia return asylum seeker to Sri Lanka in sea transfer
Australia spy on Indonesia president : report
Australia to establish the world 's large marine reserve
Australia to scrap soar national debt ceiling
Avalanche burie at least 100 pakistani soldier
Avalanche burie over 100 pakistani soldier
BAT also say Antonio Monteiro de Castro , director for Latin America and the Caribbean , would become chief operating officer on January 1 , 2004 .
BBC Director General Resigns amid Newsnight Scandal
BBC director general resign over ' shoddy journalism '
BBC face question for pull Savile case
BBC veteran Hall admit child sex abuse
BEIRUT : Lebanon 's prime minister form a cabinet more than 10 month after take office yesterday , include a wide range of political group after bridge serious division among they mostly over
BOSTON the catholic archdiocese in Boston have offer $ 55 million to settle more than 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuit , accord to a document obtain by the Associated Press .
BP sell Gulf of Mexico asset to Plains for $ 5.55 bn
BP sell some Gulf of Mexico asset for $ 5.55 bil
Backstage Moves intensify as Fight against Islamic State widen
Baftas 2013 : Olivia Colman pick up two award
Bahrain Grand Prix Underway amid protest
Bairstow hit ton in India tour match
Ballmer have be vocal in the past warning that Linux be a threat to Microsoft .
Ban Ki - moon to review Syria Chemical Arms Accord
Bangkok tense on Thai election eve
Bangla militant escape from prison van in bomb ambush
Bangladesh Honors Factory Victims
Bangladesh Islamists rally against atheist blogger
Bangladesh Muslims torch buddhist shrine , police say
Bangladesh Opposition Leader sentence to Death for War Crimes
Bangladesh building - collapse death toll climb to 580
Bangladesh building collapse death toll hit 359
Bangladesh building collapse death toll hit 362
Bangladesh building collapse death toll hit 540 : army
Bangladesh building collapse death toll pass 1,000
Bangladesh prison van ambush
Bangladeshi Islamists rally to demand action against atheist blogger
Bank of England 's Paul Tucker taint by Libor mess
Bank of England deputy deny order rate - rig
Barack Obama 's bodyguard send back to US after prostitution scandal
Barack Obama admit US have ' more nuclear weapon than we need '
Barclays boss fall to rate fix scandal
Barrick in talk with China firm over african asset
Bedouin release two Britons seize in Egypt 's Sinai
Beijing 's Aircraft Carrier return from South China Sea
Belarus , Latvia to set up border commission
Belarus tighten security along the border with Ukraine
Belgium King Albert II ' to abdicate '
Ben , stop try to find excuse for the man .
Benchmark Treasury 10 - year note gain 17/32 , yield 4.015 percent .
Benedict come home to new house and new Pope
Benzema face possible charge in sex - tape case
Bianca Ojukwu become APGA national leader
Bin Laden 's continue sway show in Kenya mall attack
Bird perch on a flowerpot beside a stucco wall .
BlackBerry lose $ 965 M in 2nd quarter
BlackBerry lose us$ 965 m in q2
Blair 's government include the charge that Saddam seek uranium from Niger in a September 2002 dossier set out the case for military action .
Blitzbokke beat by NZ
Blitzbokke oust by Fiji
Blizzard bring US northeast to a halt
Blizzard wallop US Northeast , close road
BlueCore3 also implement v1.2 's eSCO facility to provide the basis for advanced cordless telephony application for Bluetooth transmission .
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett decline to comment on personnel matter Tuesday , as do Mills .
Boeing 's board be also expect to decide at its December meeting whether to offer the airplane for sale to airline .
Boeing 787 Dreamliner catch fire ; stock take a beating
Boeing airliner crash in Russia , 50 kill
Boeing airliner crash in russian city of Kazan , 50 kill
Boeing say the final agreement be expect to be sign during the next few week .
Boeing stock tumble after fire on 787 dreamliner
Boko Haram disrupt nigerian election
Bomb Kills 19 in Northwest Pakistan
Boris Johnson re - elect London mayor
Boston Scientific say it have gain 51 percent of the coat - stent market in Europe .
Boston bomb suspect bury in Virginia cemetery
Boston bomb suspect charge ; religious motive see
Boston bombing suspect be under FBI surveillance , say mother
Boston bombing suspect bury
Boston bombing suspect bury in Virginia
Boston bombing suspect charge in hospital bed
Boston bombing suspect identify on surveillance video , no arrest
Boston bombing suspect to appear in court
Boston police say 3 take into custody in Marathon bombing
Boy Scouts delay decision on admit gay
Bradley Cooper and JJ Abrams in talk about film a Lance Armstrong biopic
Bradley Cooper in talk to play Lance Armstrong in biopic
Bradley Manning - WikiLeaks case turn to sentencing
Bradley Manning acquit of aid the enemy
Brahimi apologise to Syria over lack of peace progress
Brazil 's ' Pop - Star Priest ' get Mammoth New stage
Brazil 's ' pop - star priest ' get mammoth new stage
Brazil 's Congress approve internet legislation
Brazil hold by England 2 - 2 as Maracana re - open
Brazil leader promise reform vote
Brazil tie 2 - 2 by England as Maracana re - open
Breathe in , Breathe Out , move on .
Breivik get 21 - year sentence
Bremer say he would launch a $ 70 - million program in the next two week to clean up neighborhood across Iraq and build community project , but give no detail .
Bremer say one initiative be to launch a $ 70 million nationwide program in the next two week to clean up neighborhood and build community project .
Brian Brabazon say his son would get upset but then turn around and befriend his taunter .
Brian Halla , ceo of NatSemi , claim the deal make sense for both company .
Brian Rohrbough , whose son , Daniel , be kill at Columbine , say the tape raise disturb issue .
Brigadier General Edward Aritonang , a police spokesman , confirm yesterday that another two have be arrest , one in Jakarta and another in Magelang , Central Java .
Britain 's Prince Philip set for ' exploratory ' surgery
Britain 's debt timebomb : nine million be in ' serious debt '
Britain include the accusation in a September 2002 dossier set out the case for war in Iraq .
Britain lose bid to deport radical cleric Abu Qatada
Britain reach out to Syria opposition
Britain reject Syria military action
Britain see Evidence Assad could use Chemical weapon
Britain set to deport of Abu Qatada
Britain shut down plant as horse meat scandal reach France
Britain summon israeli envoy over settlement
British - base GlaxoSmithKline Plc say early this year it would cut off supply to canadian drugstore that ship to the United States .
British Airways ' New York - to - London run will end in October .
British Airways plan to retire its seven Concordes at the end of October .
British Archbishop of Canterbury change career to Cambridge
British Red Cross doctor kidnap in Pakistan find behead
British Warship set Sail for falkland
Briton among dead in Kabul suicide attack
Briton jail for 10 year for sell fake bomb detector
Britz earn $ 3.77 million in salary , bonus and other compensation , and Kinney earn $ 3.76 million .
Brooks plead not guilty at phone hacking hearing
Brooks plead not guilty to hack charge
Bruce N. Hawthorne , 53 , be name executive vice president and chief staff officer .
Bryant , 24 , have be charge with felony sexual assault .
Bryant previously say that hike have a great impact on demand than official expect .
Bulgaria President back Protesters , oppose Snap Elections
Burma 's Aung San Suu Kyi to address parliament on June visit
Burma 's reform bring easing of U.S. sanction
Burma activist say go slow on ease sanction
Burundi police fire tear gas at protester
Bush , however , also lash out at the terrorist bombing in Saudi Arabia that kill at least 29 people -- include a number of Americans .
Bush get zero credit for the budget under he .
Bush plan to meet with israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and the new palestinian prime minister , Mahmoud Abbas , in the jordanian port of Aqaba on Wednesday .
Bush say U.S. and European Union leader , at an annual Washington summit , agree on the need to keep Iran from develop nuclear weapon .
Bush say resistance force hostile to the U.S. presence " feel like ... the condition be such that they can attack we there .
Bush want " to see an aircraft land the same way that the pilot see an aircraft landing , " White House press secretary Ari Fleischer say yesterday .
Butler to be try in " Vatileaks " case
Butter be be put into a bowl .
Butter be melt in a pan .
Button boast good time after first practice
Byrd , speak from the Senate floor , say he question " the motive of a deskbound president who assume the garb of a warrior for purpose of a speech . "
CCAG support Bill Curry , Rowland 's opponent in the 2002 gubernatorial election .
CCTV : york conmen dress as woman to trick pensioner
CCTV of gunman in Tunisia museum attack
CELF 's founding member be Hitachi , Matsushita , NEC , Philips , Samsung , Sharp , Sony , and Toshiba .
CIA Director George Tenet say the two man be " define by dedication and courage . "
Cadbury Schweppes have unveil plan to slash 5,500 job and 20 percent of its factory over four year to cut cost bring about by an acquisition spree .
Cadbury Schweppes plc plan to cut 5500 job and shut factory after a 4.9 billion ( $ a11.9 billion ) acquisition spree over the past three year inflated cost .
Cairo protester defy crackdown threat
California governor declare drought emergency
California governor declare drought emergency as wildfire continue to burn
California wildfire : 1,900 on the line as firefighter labor to limit damage ( + video )
California wildfire force evacuation of home , university
California wildfire grow but official say fire crew make progress
Cambodia opposition head turn to parliament in poll bid
Cameron ' have no concern ' over halal meat
Cameron lose parliamentary vote on Syria military action
Canada train plot suspect reject charge
Capello quit as England manager
Capello resign as England manager
Captain Robert Ramsey of US 1St Armored Division say a truck have explode outside the building at around 11 am .
Captain Robert Ramsey of the US 1st Armoured Division say a truck have explode outside the building about 11 am , and that one of the compound 's outer wall have collapse .
Carlson on Tuesday say he would not recuse himself from the case .
Carnival Corp. stock be down 2.5 percent , or 81 cent , at $ 31.20 on the New York Stock Exchange .
Carnival Corp. stock be trade at $ 31.29 during midday trading Wednesday , down 72 cent or 2.25 percent .
Castro celebrate 86th birthday Monday
Cause of Whitney Houston 's death could take week
Cavender do say : " I feel that if I disagree with Rosie too much I would lose my job . "
Central African Republic President , PM step down
Chairman Michael Powell and FCC colleague at the Wednesday hearing .
Chairman of british no - frill airline easyJet to step down
Chairman of easyJet to step down
Champions Trophy : India v South AfricaLive
Chante Jawan Mallard , 27 , go on trial Monday , charge with first - degree murder .
Chante Jawaon Mallard , 27 , be charge with murder and tamper with evidence .
Chaos be merely people vote .
Chapman be not immediately arrest and be expect to appear for arraignment July 3 .
Charles Cullen , 43 , be transfer from the Somerset County Jail in Somerville to the Anne Klein Forensic Center , a 150 - bed psychiatric treatment facility in Trenton .
Charlie Rangel Censured do anyone see the footage of this ?
Chavez heir Maduro win Venezuela 's presidency
Chavez leave again for Cuba for radiotherapy
Chavez say investigator feel confident they 've get " at least one of the fire resolve in that regard . "
Chavez set for more radiotherapy in Cuba
Chera Larkins , 32 , of Manhattan , charge with perjury and file a false instrument in three marriage application .
Chera Larkins , 32 , of Manhattan , charge with three sham marriage , be also charge with perjury and file a false instrument .
Chicago Shooting show Gap in Stepped - up policing
Chicago man to be sentence for terror conviction
Chicago shooting show gap in step - up policing
Chicago teacher strike : vacation for student , for good or ill
Chicago teacher strike near end with ' framework ' agreement in place
Chicago teacher strike pose test for union
Chicago teen arrest in Chicago car bomb plot
Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas dissent .
China 's 1st Pilot Free Trade Zone open
China 's Cabinet promise to boost economy
China 's Health Ministry say five more people have die of Sars and a further 159 be infect .
China 's Peace Ark depart for the Philippines Thursday
China 's Wen promise job creation
China 's Xi tell Vietnam want peace in South China Sea
China 's anger at N. Korea overcome worry over US
China 's anger at North Korea overcome worry over U.S. stealth flight
China 's defence spending to rise 11.2 %
China 's generous 1MDB bid see reap it big return in Malaysia
China 's new pm reject US hacking claim
China 's new stealth frigate commission
China 's online population rise to 618 mln
China 's stock close lower on Monday
China 's troubled Xinjiang hit by more violence
China 's yuan advance to 6.3103 against usd Wednesday
China 's yuan rise to new high against usd Wednesday
China 's yuan weaken to 6.2767 against usd Thursday
China , India vow to further bilateral tie
China Bo Xilai trial in fourth day
China Premier Li reject ' groundless ' US hacking accusation
China Scrambles to reassure Jittery Stock Traders
China Yuan Strengthens to 6.168 against usd Monday
China activist Chen land in US
China army newspaper hit out at US 's prism programme
China army newspaper slam US 's prism program
China court sentence Bo Xilai to life imprisonment for corruption
China disagree with U.S. sanction program on overseas cyber attacker
China expand search area for miss plane
China flu death toll rise to six
China give US regulator access to audit record
China issue yellow alert for typhoon Kalmaegi
China keep an eye on visit tiger free by russian President
China land Jade Rabbit robot rover on Moon
China land robot rover on moon
China launch first air - to - air missile from chopper
China launch first moon rover mission
China launch probe and rover to moon
China manufacture expand in September
China manufacture index at 11 - month low : hsbc
China mine accident kill 10
China news agency : still hope for Syria peace
China no long top investment destination : poll
China on high alert for typhoon Kalmaegi
China oppose US arm sale to Taiwan
China police seek eight suspect over crash
China quake : death toll rise
China return 10 child abduct from Vietnam
China rock by twin earthquake
China say defense budget to rise 11.2 % in 2012
China send aid team to Philippines
China send carrier to South China Sea
China send large fleet yet to dispute island
China set Bo Xilai trial date
China ship enter water off dispute island
China state news agency : there be still hope for Syria peace
China stock close high after economic meeting
China stock close higher on Wednesday
China stock close lower on Thursday
China stock close mix Friday
China stock end higher on PMI at midday
China stock end low Thursday
China stock index future close high -- Dec. 4
China stock index future close low -- April 23
China stock index future close low -- Jan. 24
China stock open flat Monday
China stock open high Monday
China stock open high Wednesday
China stock open low Friday
China stock open lower on Wednesday
China to investigate EU wine export
China trade return to surplus in March
China treasury bond future close mixed Wednesday
China treasury bond future open high Tuesday
China truck accident kill 20
China welcome US , Russia deal on Syria chemical weapon
China yuan retreat to 6.2697 against usd Thursday
China yuan strengthen to 6.1070 against usd Friday
China yuan strengthen to 6.1184 against usd Tuesday
China yuan strengthen to 6.2689 against usd
China yuan strengthen to new high against usd
China yuan weaken to 6.1059 against usd
China yuan weaken to 6.1510 against usd
China yuan weaken to 6.1535 against usd
China yuan weaken to 6.1705 against usd
China yuan weaken to 6.1818 against usd Tuesday
China yuan weaken to 6.3282 against usd Monday
China ’s new carrier extend military modernization drive
China ‚ Äėwill protect interests‚Äô of foreign business
Chinese News Agency Slams Delays in Search for jet
Chris Brown concert cancel new
Chris Froome ride to Tour de France endgame
Christie investigation heat up
Chuck Close we be all vessel fill with many wonder .
Chuck I would offer Iran a deal .
Cisco executive be encourage by $ 1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income , but say they remain ` ` cautiously optimistic '' about a rebound .
Cisco executive say they be encourage by $ 1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income , but hope for a rebound .
Cisco have sign similar deal with AT&T Corp. T.N , SBC Communications Inc. SBC.N and Sprint Corp. FON.N .
Cisco have similar relationship with BellSouth competitor SBC Communications , AT&T and Sprint Communications .
Cisco pare spending to compensate for sluggish sale .
City Room : Empire State Building Shooting
Clash of Styles in Court Opens Trial in Young man‚äôs death
Cleveland Kidnapper Ariel Castro find Hanged in Prison Cell
Cleveland kidnapper Ariel Castro find hang in his cell
Clinton a tough act for Obama to follow
Clinton call for friend of Syria to unite
Clinton land in India to breathe life into tie
Clinton ready to fight for Obama
Clinton return to work , plan to testify on Benghazi attack
Clinton to testify this month on Benghazi attack
Clinton warn Kenya of cost of election violence
Clinton warn Kenya on cost of election unrest
Clinton warn Kenya on repeat of 2007 vote chaos
Clinton warn against Undermining Grameen Bank
Cmdr . Rod Gibbons , an academy spokesman , say , " the academy be shock and sadden .
Coca - Cola Co. ( KO ) report high profit for the quarter , help by european demand , early on Thursday .
Colorado shooting suspect be under psychiatrist 's care
Colorado wildfire destroy more than 90 home as wind worsen
Colorado wildfire may be big property destroyer in state history
Comcast Class A share be up 8 cent at $ 30.50 in morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
Committee near final big immigration decision
Commodity Expanded Value - Form , .
Conan O'Brien at the White House Correspondents ' Dinner
Cone throw an   game .
Congress twice before pass similar restriction only to see President Bill Clinton veto they .
Congress twice pass similar bill , but then - President Clinton veto they both time .
Conte say Druce will be charge with murder .
Cooley say he expect Muhammad will similarly be call as a witness at a pretrial hearing for Malvo .
Coronation Street 's Bill Roache arrest
Coronation Street star hail ' amazing ' new set
Cory Monteith find dead : canadian ‚ ÄėGlee‚Äô star be 31
Costa 's semifinal opponent be Spaniard Juan Carlos Ferrero , whom he beat in last year 's final .
Costa will play Juan Carlos Ferrero next in a rematch of last year 's final .
Coupling , an american version of a hit british comedy , will couple with friend on Thursdays .
Coupling , an american version of a hit british comedy , will get the valuable Thursday 9:30 p.m. time slot .
Cracklin ' Rosie by Neil Diamond we be all vessel fill with many wonder .
Cricket - England 155 - 4 v Australia , fourth test - tea
Cricket - England v Australia fourth test scoreboard
Crimean Parliament vote to join Russia
Cristiano Ronaldo hat - trick fire Portugal to 2014 World Cup final
Critical Gates memoir rocks Obama administration
Cuba 's ' Ladies ' to pick up EU Prize 8 year later
Cuba 's ' Ladies ' to pick up EU prize 8 year late
Cuba 's Castro to take over CELAC Presidency
Cuba see " major role " for foreign investment
Curiosity Rover Celebrates 1 Year on Mars
Cyclone Phailin evacuation keep indian villager alive
Cyprus bailout remark alarm market
Cyprus probe Ukraine asset
D.C. vote to decriminalize Marijuana
DC vote to decriminalize pot
DICKSHOT Matt Holliday own .
DR Congo rebel kill park ranger
Daily Press Briefing : South Sudan
Daily Press Briefing : Syria
Damascus ' suicide bombing ' kill 10
Daniels say he do not know what Bush will have to say about he at tonight 's $ 2,000 - per - person presidential fund - raiser .
Daniels say he do not know what Bush will say at tonight 's $ 2,000 - per - person reception to raise fund for his presidential re - election bid .
Darren Dopp , a Spitzer spokesman , decline to comment late Thursday .
Dave Delainey agree to cooperate with federal prosecutor in exchange for the plea .
Davey graduate Saturday from Northwest College , which be affiliate with the Assemblies of God , with a bachelor of art degree in religion and philosophy .
Davey start attend Northwest College , which be affiliate with the Assemblies of God , in 1999 with plan to become a minister .
David @OmSigDAVID , I think Santorum 's more likely than Gingrich .
David Beckham Retires from football
David Beckham announce Retirement from soccer
David Beckham retire from football
David Beckham to retire at end of season
David Cameron : Andy Murray deserve a knighthood
David Miliband : my brother and a return to old labour
DeVries , who be voluntarily castrate in August 2001 , have say the surgery take away his ability to become sexually arouse .
DeVries do make one stop in town Wednesday - register as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department .
Deadly Blast Rocks Coal Mine in East Ukraine
Deadly Gas Cylinder Blast hit Pakistan School Bus
Deaf NY Starbucks patron sue , say they be mock
Deaf customer sue starbuck , say they be mock
DealBook : Stock exchange prepare to open
Dean tell reporter travel on his 10 - city " Sleepless Summer " tour that he consider campaign in Texas a challenge .
Death Toll in Bangladesh Collapse at 194
Delhi Gang Rape Suspect ' Beaten , poison '
Delhi gang - rape verdict defer again
Dell 's OpenManage software include Dell Update Packages with SMS to help automate the management of server hardware , application and operating system patch with a single tool .
Democrats dominate the Assembly while Republicans control the Senate .
Democrats face Divide over a Strike on Syria
Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay say there be " evidence a body or body have be in this area " .
Detective Chief Inspector Norman McKinlay , lead the investigation , say : " there be evidence a body or body have be in this area .
Detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection
Detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection : U.S. judge
Dewhurst 's proposal call for an abrupt end to the controversial " Robin Hood " plan for school finance .
Diana and fayed death info receive new the death of Princess Diana and Dodi Al Fayed be be look at again by police after they receive information .
Didier Reynders on Syria
District Attorney Dave Lupas remind juror that Stubbs be , " a cold , calculate killer " .
Dogs be swim in a pool .
Doha gas blast kill 12 , injure dozen
Dolce and Gabbana convict of tax evasion
Dolce and Gabbana fine in italian Tax Case
Dolores Mahoy , 68 , of Colorado Springs , Colo. , be someone who might be help by the legislation pende in Congress .
Dominique Strauss - Kahn face question over french prostitution ring
Donetsk Region Protesters Detain Trucks carry Government Rocket Ammo
Donna Summer , Queen of Disco , die at 63
Donna Summer , the queen of disco
Dotson , 21 , be arrest and charge on July 21 after reportedly tell authority he shoot Dennehy after Dennehy try to shoot he .
Dotson be arrest July 21 after tell FBI agent he shoot Dennehy when Dennehy try to shoot he , accord to the arrest warrant affidavit .
Dotson tell FBI agent that he shoot Dennehy after the player try to shoot he , accord to the arrest warrant affidavit .
Douglas Meester , 20 , be charge with rape , sodomy , indecent assault , and provide alcohol to minor .
Douglas Robinson , CA senior vice president , finance , will fill the position in the interim .
Douglas Robinson , a senior vice president of finance , will take over as chief financial officer on an interim basis .
Dr. Neander 's revise version .
DreamTech never be ejaculate on as far as I know .
Druce be still be hold at the prison and be now in isolation , she say .
Druce last night be hold in isolation at the same prison .
Druce will face murder charge , Conte say .
Drug lord capture by marine in Mexico
Dunlap win both the swimsuit competition and the talent portion of the competition , singe " if I could . "
Dusty have battle kidney cancer for more than a year .
Dusty have surgery for cancer in 2001 and have a kidney remove .
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev charge in Boston Marathon bombing
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev plead not guilty to Boston bombing charge
EDS report a first - quarter loss of $ 126 million , or 26 cent per share .
EPL club out to avoid Champions League woe
ESPN report that Knight 's two - year deal be worth $ 2.38 million , include a $ 300,000 signing bonus .
EU , Myanmar work toward investment protection agreement
EU Receives 2012 Nobel Peace Prize
EU Slaps New Sanctions on Russia over Ukraine
EU declare Hezbollah 's military wing terror group
EU extend sanction against Russia
EU finance ministers‚äô talk b ...
EU foreign minister seek solution on Syria arm
EU foreign minister to discuss Syria arm embargo
EU heap new sanction on Syria
EU impose new sanction on syrian regime
EU jobless hit fresh record
EU lift diamond sanction against Zimbabwe
EU minister ' determine ' to resolve horsemeat scandal
EU minister hold crisis talk over horse meat scandal
EU move close to New Iran Sanctions
EU put Hezbollah military wing on terror list
EU receive Nobel Peace Prize
EU renew sanction against Zimbabwe
EU sanction Assad 's wife ; mortar hit Homs
EU slap sanction on Assad family
EU to train Mali army to fight northern islamist militant
EXCLUSIVE - UPDATE 1 - Egypt pro - mursi alliance signal flexibility in talk
East Harlem explosion death toll rise
East Timor Bans Martial Arts Schools amid killing
East Timor ban martial art club amid killing
East Timor vote in presidential election
East Ukraine separatist ask to join Russia
Easy Rider Actress Karen Black Dies of cancer
Easy Rider star Karen Black die aged 74
Ebola UK : nhs staff ' panic ' after suspect Ebola case
Ecuador President Correa say no decision make on Assange asylum
Ecuador yet to decide on Assange 's asylum
Edward Snowden 's father in Moscow
Edwards acquit on 1 Count , Mistrial on other
Edwards find not guilty on one count ; mistrial on other
Egypt ' freeze Muslim Brotherhood asset '
Egypt 's Brotherhood as Beleaguered as its leader
Egypt 's Brotherhood stand ground after killing
Egypt 's Coptic Church prepare to choose Pope
Egypt 's Morsi face trial for prison break
Egypt 's Morsi face trial for prison break , murder , say prosecution
Egypt 's Morsi rule out talk as hostage video appear
Egypt 's Mubarak critical
Egypt 's Mubarak in critical condition
Egypt 's Muslim Brotherhood Set for Mass March
Egypt 's Muslim Brotherhood refuse to back down
Egypt 's interim president appoint 2 advisor
Egypt 's interim president swear in new Cabinet
Egypt 's interior minister survive bomb attack
Egypt 's leader impose state of emergency in 3 city
Egypt 's main opposition reject president 's call for dialogue
Egypt 's military crack down on Muslim Brotherhood
Egypt 's military take control over Muslim Brotherhood , supporter
Egypt 's opposition criticize president 's speech
Egypt 's presidential election begin
Egypt : Egypt crackdown spark global outrage
Egypt : IPI Urges Release of Al Jazeera Journalist arrest in Berlin
Egypt : Muslim Brotherhood deputy head arrest
Egypt : Muslim Brotherhood stand behind Morsi
Egypt : Police clash with pro - morsi protester
Egypt : child kill in Cairo clash after pro - morsi protest
Egypt : protester storm Muslim Brotherhood 's hq
Egypt Army Launches New Air Raids on Sinai Militants
Egypt Crackdown Draws Condemnation
Egypt Launches Offensive against Sinai Militants
Egypt announce arrest of 1,004 Muslim Brotherhood supporter
Egypt announce one - month state of emergency nationwide
Egypt army crack down on Brotherhood
Egypt arrest Muslim Brotherhood leader Badie
Egypt brace for ' Friday of anger ' after carnage
Egypt brace for Friday of anger after bloody crackdown
Egypt brace for massive protest
Egypt confirm Mubarak 's pm back in presidency race
Egypt court ban Muslim Brotherhood ' activity '
Egypt court hear case against Mubarak , Islamists
Egypt court order Mubarak free
Egypt court order Mubarak release
Egypt court order release of Mubarak
Egypt court sentence 10 Brotherhood supporter to death - source
Egypt court temporarily release Mubarak over illicit gain
Egypt court turn down Mubarak 's release request
Egypt force set to block access to morsi protest camp
Egypt freeze Muslim Brotherhood fund
Egypt hold key vote on constitution
Egypt impose state of emergency after 95 people kill
Egypt increase security before pro - morsi protest
Egypt interior minister survive bomb
Egypt issue long - wait presidential election law
Egypt launch new assault against Sinai militant
Egypt launch offensive against Sinai insurgent
Egypt let Mubarak pm back in presidential race
Egypt minister survive assassination attempt
Egypt ministry again urge end to pro - morsi protest
Egypt opposition mull response to Morsi dialogue call
Egypt order arrest of Brotherhood chief Badie
Egypt policeman kill in Sinai attack
Egypt poll : 98 per cent vote ' yes ' for new constitution
Egypt president declare state of emergency in three city
Egypt presidential election May 23 - 24
Egypt presidential election result delay
Egypt protester ' to be disperse '
Egypt protester defy cabinet threat
Egypt protester defy cabinet threat to end sit - in
Egypt seek to lure investor ...
Egypt sentence Al Jazeera journalist to jail
Egypt sentence Pakistani amid 5 to death for drug smuggling
Egypt set to lure Gulf investor
Egypt shut down Muslim Brotherhood newspaper
Egypt strongly oppose military action against Syria
Egypt swear in new interim leader
Egypt to hold more talk with IMF on loan next week
Egypt to hold presidential election before parliamentary poll
Egypt vote in new constitution
Egypt vote on final day of presidential election
Egypt vote on new constitution
Egypt ’s Coptic Church Names New Pope
Egyptian Christians choose new pope
Egyptians Vote on New Constitution
Egyptians go to poll in historic election
Egyptians to vote for new president
Egyptians vote in landmark presidential election
Egyptians vote on New Constitution
Egyptians vote on constitution change
Egyptians vote on divisive constitution
Egyptians vote on islamist - back constitution
Ehud Olmert , former israeli prime minister , sentence to six year in jail for corruption
Ehud Olmert sentence to six year in Israel
Elecia Battle , of Cleveland , tell police she drop her purse as she leave the Quick Shop Food Mart last week after buy the ticket .
Elecia Battle drop her purse after buy the Mega Millions Lottery ticket last week and believe the ticket blow away .
Elementary Commodity - Capital Value - Form .
Eleven kill in China police station attack
Emile Laroza , 51 , contract SARS while work as a nurse at North York General Hospital , the epicentre of the second SARS outbreak .
Emily Church be London bureau chief of CBS.MarketWatch.com .
Enron 's 401(k ) plan cover about 20,000 worker , retiree and beneficiary .
Enron 's stock comprise as much as 61 % of the worker ' 401(k ) portfolio .
Enron spokesman Eric Thode decline to comment on the mediation order .
Equatoguineans vote in legislative poll
Erdogan and Putin talk in raise voice
Ergo it offend I when Thatcherites call themselves libertarian .
Eric Gagne earn his 17th save in as many opportunity as he strike out three in the ninth and allow only an infield single by Greg Norton .
Eric Gagne pitch a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in as many opportunity .
Ernst & Young admit no wrongdoing with the settlement .
Ernst & Young have deny any wrongdoing and plan to fight the allegation .
Ernst & Young have deny the SEC 's claim , and call its recommendation " irresponsible " .
Ernst & Young spokesman Kenneth Kerrigan say the firm admit no wrongdoing .
Europe share bounce as more China stimulus see
European Ministers be poise to approve Greek Rescue
Ex - Virginia governor Bob McDonnell charge with corruption
Explosion Hits Hezbollah Area South of Beirut
Explosion at Venezuela Refinery Kills at least 39
Explosion near Damascus military airport
Express Scripts ESRX.O share fall 3.6 percent to close at $ 66.89 on the Nasdaq .
Eye Opener : Supreme Court rule on Arizona immigration law
FAA continue ban on US flight to Tel Aviv
FAA lift ban on U.S. flight to Tel Aviv
FACTBOX - Security development in Iraq , February 1
FACTBOX - Security development in Pakistan , March 13
FBI audio expert testifie in Zimmerman trial
FCC chief Michael Powell preside over hear Monday .
FTSE Bursa Malaysia update : 11.30am
FTSE Bursa Malaysia update : 3.00pm
Facebook boost size of IPO by 25 percent
Facebook boost size of ipo by 25pc to raise $ 15bn
Facebook mobile gain drive revenue growth : reaction
Facebook profit jump as user base expand
Facebook to test mobile payment service
Faction Names Bianca Ojukwu APGA National Leader
Fed expect to maintain stimulus
Federal Judge William Barbour say Tuesday he impose the maximum sentence because avant show no remorse in the brutal slaying .
Feds drop ' morning - after pill ' appeal
Fern I think story like this be stupid .
Fidel Castro celebrate 86th birthday
Fish be swim .
Fla. Democrats want extend early voting hour
Fletcher say he expect to have the support of lawmaker from agricultural state , many of whom be on the committee .
Florida 's Speaker of the House Johnnie Byrd , be expect to introduce '' Terri 's Bill '' during a one - day special session of the state legislature be hold today in Tallahassee .
Florida Sen. Bob Graham be not identifiable by 61 percent of those poll .
Florida county extend early voting
Florida the ignorance be yours !
Focus Shifts to Greece after Spain Secures Bank Bailout
Ford do not accept taxpayer money to save the company .
Forest , the Freedom Organisation for the right to enjoy Smoking Tobacco , say it have greet the Lancet 's call with " amusement and disbelief ' " .
Forex & Gold 12 March 2013
Forex & Gold 19 July 2012
Forex & amp ; Gold 25 August 2012
Forex & amp ; Gold 6 March 2013
France 's Hollande back Greece but urge credible reform
France 's Nicolas Sarkozy make his reelection bid official
France 's Strauss - Kahn charge with involvement in prostitution vice ring
France , which infuriate Washington by lead the charge against U.N. approval for the war , also seek change .
France confirm two french journalist kill in Mali
France hail Breakthrough after u.s.-russia deal on Syria Weapons
France lose influence in Europe
France pledge military aid in Mali
France say Greece must show credibility for eurozone
France say will not ' Shirk responsibility ' in Syria
France shut mosque , arrest man in crackdown after attack
France to ban child beauty pageant
France urge EU to be unite on Syria
France warn Syria over chemical weapon use
France welcome US - Russia Deal on Syria
Francis begin papacy with prayer
Franklin County Judge - Executive Teresa Barton say a firefighter be strike by lightning and be take to the Frankfort Regional Medical Center .
François Hollande threaten legal action over affair claim
Freddie Starr arrest in Savile Abuse Probe
Free syrian Army capture syrian officer
Free syrian Army move headquarters from Turkey to Syria
French - lead troop close in on Timbuktu
French - lead troop control access to Timbuktu
French Socialist Party win parliament victory
G20 Summit end divide over Syria
G7 ' to intensify Russia sanction '
GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP , N.J. > > Annika Sorenstam and Michelle Wie draw the crowd , but Angela Stanford take her first LPGA victory .
GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP , N.J. Annika Sorenstam draw the crowd , Michelle Wie get the publicity but Angela Stanford take her first LPGA victory .
GBI spokesman John Bankhead say the murder scene show that the killer be very methodical .
GE post 9 % profit drop for third quarter
GL , Terral Hi Corn : so , you actually believe every word of what Terral write ?
GL , Terral that be absolutely amazing .
GM slow on recall , Congress record show
GM to start take recall compensation claim Aug 1
GOP candidate Romney to call to arm syrian rebel
GOP presidential hopeful clash in southern race
Gagne strike out two in a perfect ninth inning for his 23rd save .
Garner say self - proclaim Baghdad mayor Mohammed Mohsen Zubaidi be release 48 hour after his detention in late April .
Garner say the self - proclaim mayor of Baghdad , Mohammed Mohsen al - Zubaidi , be release after two day in coalition custody .
Gartner analyst say that business be not yet feel confident enough to upgrade corporate pc .
Gates blast rock Obama administration
Gemstar 's share gather up 2.6 percent , add 14 cent to $ 5.49 at the close .
Gemstar share move higher on the news , close up 2.6 percent at $ 5.49 on Nasdaq .
Gen. Sattler head a combined Joint Task Force base on ship in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean .
General Electric post 9 % profit drop for third quarter
General Jeffrey say he would donate his military pension to charity for the period he be in office at Yarralumla .
General Myers tell reporter that " at first blush , it do not look like any rule be break " .
General Sattler head a combined Joint Task Force aboard the command ship Mount Whitney .
George W Bush weigh into immigration debate
George W. Bush warn against bitter immigration debate
George Washington 's copy of US Constitution sell for $ 9.8 m
George Zimmerman ' to be charge ' with kill Trayvon Martin
George Zimmerman Verdict Propels Cable News into Talkradio mode
George Zimmerman find not guilty of Trayvon Martin murder
George Zimmerman to be charge in Trayvon Martin case , official say
Georgia have receive all but $ 70,000 of its money back with the help of the FBI .
Germany likely to press Russia on Syrian Crisis
Germany ready to help Syria chemical mission
Germany warn Greece : no more money without reform
Germany welcome Iran nuclear agreement
Gillette share rise $ 1.45 , or 4.5 percent , to $ 33.95 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading .
Glasgow Helicopter Crash : at least six dead
Glasgow Helicopter Crash : woman pc be victim
Glasgow Helicopter Crash Search end
GlaxoSmithKline , the UK drugmaker , have say it would cut off supply to canadian store ship drug to the US .
Glee star Cory Monteith find dead in hotel room in Canada
Glover say the killer use a " peculiar slipknot " on the ligature he use to strangle some of the victim .
Glover say the killer use a ` ` peculiar slipknot , '' include a coaxial cable and an extension cord , to strangle some of the victim .
Glover speak at a news conference that include about 20 relative of the victim .
God bless I be not outraged , I be disappointed .
God definately do not exist .
God probably do not exist .
Gonzales be find guilty of use excessive force by spray Olvera with pepper spray .
Google ' be play international tax game '
Google 's early stage backer in include California - base Stanford University and VC firm Kleiner Perkins and Sequoia Capital .
Google 's investor include prominent VC firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital , the paper note .
Google CEO say Android important , not critical
Google Unveils Concept self - Driving car
Google Unveils Prototype Self - Driving car
Google appoint Dennis Woodside to run Motorola Mobility
Google launch internet - beam balloon
Google name new Motorola Mobility ceo
Google redesign search result on pc
Google release nexus 5 phone with Kit Kat
Google share soar past $ 1,000 on strong earning
Gore Vidal , celebrated author , playwright , die at 86
Gore Vidal dead at 86 : legendary author , playwright , and politician die
Gov't committee approve release of 26 palestinian prisoner
Gov. Rick Perry have say that while he oppose gambling expansion , he would be reluctant to veto continuation of the Lottery Commission .
Gov. Rick Perry oppose expansion of gambling but have say he would be " hard - press " to veto the lottery sunset bill .
Government Shutdown begin over Health Care Feud
Government of Canada Supports Montréal Women lead change
Government of Canada Supports Women 's Safety in Regina
Govt . to hold talk with ftii student
Graham , a presidential candidate , be criticize by several Republicans as '' politicize '' the report .
Graham , who co - chair the inquiry , be a presidential candidate .
Grant Thornton claim that it too be the " victim " of a fraud .
Grassley and Baucus say they have reject that approach in their plan .
Grasso quit last week in the wake of a firestorm of criticism over his $ 140 million compensation package .
Greece bond exchange the large debt restructuring in history
Greece concern drag on Asia market
Greece reach agreement with troika , bailout tranche expect within day
Greece to vote on 2013 budget
Greece to vote on 2013 budget ; protester gather
Greek Far - Right leader Imprisoned pende Trial
Greenspan tell Congress on Tuesday the U.S. economy " could very well be embark on a period of sustained growth " .
Grey and white cat sit in bathroom sink .
Grey and white domestic kitten lie down on a desk .
Griff Rhys Jones : Mel Smith be ' a force for life '
Griffith , 77 , grow up in Mount Airy and now live in Manteo .
Griffith , a Mount Airy native , now live on the North Carolina coast in Manteo .
Group of elderly people sit around a table .
Group of horse graze in grassy field .
Group of people sit at table of restaurant .
Group of people sit at table with drink .
Guatemala overturn former dictator 's genocide conviction
Guineans go to the poll in Presidential Elections
Gun battle in central african capital create fresh panic
Gunman among 7 Dead after Florida Apartment Shooting
Gunman may have film school massacre
Gunmen Attack Hotel in Remote Pakistani Province
Gunmen surround Libya 's Foreign Ministry to push demand
Gusmao consolidate power in East Timor election
Gusmao power on in East Timor
Gyorgy Heizler , head of the local disaster unit , say the coach be carry 38 passenger .
HP fall to second place with server sale grow 0.4 percent to $ 2.9 billion .
HRW : Jordan bias against Palestinians from Syria
HSE boss defend medical - card plan
Ha , ha , ha , ha , ha , ha !
Hackney shoot : Teenager Shereka Marsh ' bleed to death after be shoot in neck '
Hagel , Dempsey face Congress over defense budget
Hagel defend propose cut in defense spending
Hagel lament " political " change to US defence budget
Hagel seek to reassure jittery Gulf ally after Iran deal
Hague ' concern over conduct ' of Zimbabwe election
Haiti be a shithole .
Haiti have be a shithole .
Hajj to go ahead despite crane collapse
Hajj to go ahead despite crane collapse , official vow
Halabi 's military attorney , Air Force Maj . James Key , deny the charge , which could carry a death penalty .
Halliburton 1Q income rise 23 pct
Halliburton Q1 profit rise on strong North America sale
Halliburton on Tuesday reiterate its contention that KBR have " deliver fuel to Iraq at the good value , the good price and the good term " .
Hamas call on Hezbollah to pull force out of Syria
Hamas in mixed - sex school ' ban '
Hamas mix sex school ban take effect
Hamas senior deny Gaza , PA coordinate on peace talk
Hamas urge Hizbullah to pull Fighters out of Syria
Harris and Klebold kill 12 student , a teacher and themselves at the school .
Harris and Klebold kill 12 student and a teacher before take their own life on April 20 , 1999 .
Harry Kane leave it late to rescue a point for Tottenham Hotspur
Harvey be take to St. Luke 's Hospital for precautionary neck X - ray , which come back negative .
Hawaii brace as first hurricane in 22 year approach
Hawaii prep for first hurricane in 22 year
Head of CIA resign over affair
Health Minister Manto - Tshabalala Msimang be not fit to preside over an anti - retroviral treatment rollout plan , accord to some opposition party .
Heavy Fighting report in Syria 's Aleppo
Heavy Smog Hits North China City , Flights cancel
Hernandez file an Equal Employment Opportunity Commission complaint and sue .
Hezbollah 's Nasrallah warn US over anti - islam film
Hezbollah call for more anti - islam film protest
Hezbollah confirm it send drone down over Israel
Hezbollah say it send drone over Israel
Hezbollah target Qaeda gather along border with Syria
Hezbollah urge to elect new lebanese president
Hijacker arrest after plane land at Geneva Airport
Hispanics , the fast grow ethnic group in the US , have overtake black to become the large minority in the US , accord to newly release government figure .
Hispanics have officially overtake African Americans as the large minority group in the US , accord to a report release by the US Census Bureau .
Hockey goal - keeper lay on the ice in front of net .
Holder file a three - page letter .
Hollande ' threaten legal action ' after affair allegation
Hollande defeat Sarkozy in french presidency vote
Hollande win french presidential election
Holly Holy we be all vessel fill with many wonder .
Hollywood and the world be gear up to celebrate legendary entertainer Bob Hope 's 100th birthday on Thursday .
Holy poo poo , this show .
Home Depot report a 22 percent jump in third - quarter profit behind a nearly 8 percent rise in same - store sale .
Homs mortar fire kill 105
Honduras ambassador resign after alleged embassy orgy
Hong Kong be flat , Australia , Singapore and South Korea lose 0.2 - 0.4 percent .
Hong Kong official resume work as protest thin
Hong Kong set for huge democracy rally
Hong Kong set for huge democracy rally on handover anniversary
Hong Kong stock close 2.33 % high
Hong Kong stock close down 0.28 %
Hong Kong stock end high
Hong Kong stock open 0.62 pct high
Hong Kong student leader mull protest retreat
Hope be survive by his wife ; son Anthony and Kelly ; daughter Linda and Nora Somers ; and four grandchild .
Hosni Mubarak retrial adjourn until 8 June
Hot Air Balloon ' Catches Fire and crash '
House - Senate deal reach on payroll tax measure
House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner , R - Wis. , say he be sensitive to civil liberty complaint .
House set to vote on plan to reopen government
Houston Texans head coach Gary Kubiak hospitalize after collapse at game
Hovan " do not wake up that day " intend to hurt anyone , defense attorney John Speranza say .
Hovan do not speak , but his lawyer , John Speranza , say his client " do not wake up that day " intend to hurt anyone .
Hoy confirm the woman 's age Tuesday and say she be on vacation with her family , but be expect to return this week .
Hoy confirm the woman 's age Tuesday and say she have leave on vacation with her family .
Hrithik Roshan , Sussanne to divorce
Hrithik Roshan , wife Sussanne part way
Hugo Chavez : venezuelan official for unity
Hurricane Sandy Closes in on US East Coast
Hurricane Sandy gain speed , batter US east coast
Hurricane Sandy make landfall in southeastern Jamaica : NHC
Hurricane Sandy move towards US
Hurricane Sandy power toward Eastern Seaboard
Hurricane Sandy reach Jamaica
Hurricane Sandy take aim at US East Coast
I 've assume this as well in my argument .
I 've never accuse he of doctor a baseball .
I 've never accuse he of over - milligraming , nothing .
I absolutely do believe there be an iceberg in those water .
I agree completely I be hope he be into a second term of office .
I ask again if God do not exist can anything be morally wrong ?
I be " a bunch of cell . "
I be go to shout for justice for Trayvon .
I be go to the court believe I could do this , only if I play my good tennis .
I be have conversation will cornell west my dear brother .
I be have conversation will cornell west what the hell be this ?
I be hope he be into a second term of office .
I be move on to ask you the question : " where ' s the beef " ?
I be not give any consideration to resignation , " Shumaker say in a statement .
I be not outraged , I be disappointed .
I be not the one claim the right to decide over another woman 's body .
I be ok with MEDICAL USE ! !
I be ok with MEDICAL use !
I be so sorry , Kelly .
I be so sorry to hear this Kelly .
I can not believe she be ask you to ask the helpful party guest for money !
I compare homo phobia with a developmental disorder .
I do not believe there be any iceberg at all anywhere near the Titanic .
I do not have a propose model .
I do not know how legitimate this be , but I hear he be kind of suicidal .
I do not know why anyone be make a fuss over the $ , bet .
I do not like flavor beer .
I do not like many flavor drink .
I do not mention restraining order either .
I do not prefix or suffix everything with " you hate Jews . "
I do not say we have get soft since / Rand .
I do not see Obama as the less of two evil .
I do not see he as evil at all .
I do not think Paul have a shot .
I do not think what she be say be that controversial .
I do not understand how freedom of speech will be prohibit .
I do not want a president who ' care ' .
I do not want a president who be charasmatic .
I guess I pull it out of the census 's rear end in a top hat .
I have   year of " Neener Neener " right I use lettuce too .
I have   year of " Neener Neener " right hi Wiggies !
I have   year of " Neener Neener " right they be crack up .
I have   year of " Neener Neener " right usually I get pretty decent care .
I have many problem with these man , way to many to state here !
I have no problem with those that have money !
I have not make any claim .
I have not read the book , but I see the movie today .
I have see UFO over Warsaw in the past .
I have the pregnancy ticker .
I hope everything be ok !
I hope everything be okay .
I hope this be nothing .
I hope your LO be ok .
I know I would hate to be he .
I like watch kid play .
I m very proud of the citizen of this state , say Gov. John Baldacci , a casino foe .
I miss the point where he say that black people be go to riot .
I oppose the death penalty .
I purport to value human life very highly .
I repeat : and the simple fact today ?
I say it be not a person , in the legal sense .
I say she have not ever have to be a part of any workforce .
I say you have get soft .
I shoot the Sheriff we be all vessel fill with many wonder .
I start it last night xani .
I then ask : what be they try to hide ?
I think he would be well for american business interest overall .
I think it be good , and I do not find it confusing .
I think that be mostly just the Dutch .
I think we all agree on the nature of the change .
I think you be miss the point with entrepreneur .
I think you need to reread what I write .
I ve watch kid play .
I want to Rock and Roll by Kiss we be all vessel fill with many wonder .
I will have another retire to stud
I will have another win Preakness
I wood have ask she if she be up for a treesome .
I wood have at least ask if a threesome be out of the question .
I would hate to be he too .
I would offer Iran a deal .
IAC 's stock close yesterday down $ 2.81 , or 7.6 percent , at $ 34.19 .
IAEA , Iran to hold first nuclear talk since Rohani election
IBM share close up $ 1.75 , or 2.11 percent , at $ 84.50 on the New York Stock Exchange .
ICC Champions Trophy : India vs South Africa
ISAF : 4 coalition troop kill in attack involve afghan police
ISAF soldier kill in Afghan ' insider attack '
Imran Khan to contest election from four NA seat
Imran blame rival for colleague murder
India 's Anti - Graft Party Forms Government in Delhi
India 's first post office saving bank ATM inaugurate in Chennai
India 's top court order investigation into job scam , death
India , China ink agreement on trans - border river
India , China ink border pact ; 8 other agreement
India , US to hold talk on China next week
India : Tear gas fire at Gang Rape protester
India : maoist rebel in talk on free Italians
India Braces for Massive Cyclone
India Ink : image of the Day : July 2
India Ink : image of the day : April 21
India Ink : image of the day : January 16
India Ink : image of the day : January 27
India Ink : image of the day : March 20
India Ink : image of the day : March 4
India Ink : image of the day : May 2
India Ink : image of the day : May 21
India Minister 's wife die ' unnatural death ' after affair rumour
India accuse China of cross de facto border
India allow Pakistan investment
India and China troop retreat to de facto border in face - off deal
India anti - graft party take charge in New Delhi
India ban bulk text after riot
India building collapse kill 14 ; dozen trap
India gang - rape victim " struggle against the odd "
India govt reject proposal to shut petrol pump at night
India issue red alert for cyclone Phailin
India say China agree retreat to de facto border in faceoff deal
India start vote in world 's large election
India voter kick off world‚äôs big election
India ’s Modi promise tough stance against Pakistan
Indian Maoist rebel offer talk to free italian hostage
Indonesia 's army have be accuse of human right abuse during its early battle with GAM , charge it have generally deny .
Indonesia 's army have often be accuse of human right abuse during GAM 's battle for independence , charge it have generally deny while accuse the separatist of commit right violation .
Indonesia : Schoolchildren among 14 kill by Indonesia volcano eruption
Indonesia : death toll rise to 11 in Indonesia boat capsize
Indonesia : six dead in indonesian volcanic eruption
Indonesia anti - terror squad kill two suspect militant
Indonesia police shoot dead suspect militant in Bali
Indonesians vote for president in tight race
Intel 's McAfee Buys Cloud - base , Networked Firewall Specialist Stonesoft for $ 389 m in cash
Intel Corp. 's second - quarter profit double and revenue grow 8 percent from a year ago as the chip - make giant report strong - than - expect demand for personal computer microprocessor .
InterActiveCorp 's share close at $ 34.19 , down $ 2.81 , or 7.6 percent on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
Iran ' cautiously optimistic ' about future nuclear talk
Iran ' thwart nuclear sabotage attempt '
Iran 's Ahmadinejad may face charge over election appearance with aide
Iran 's Khamenei renew support for nuclear talk
Iran 's Parliament Questions A Dismissive Ahmadinejad
Iran 's Rouhani warn of talibanisation in Syria
Iran 's nuclear negotiating team leave for Kazakhstan
Iran 's nuclear quest ' have cost Tehran over $ 100 billion '
Iran 's parliament back nuclear deal
Iran 's parliament question President Ahmadinejad
Iran 's president condemn use of chemical weapon in Syria
Iran ( Islamic Republic of ): Iran step up relief effort after quake kill 227
Iran , Tajikistan sign cooperation agreement
Iran , a large important partner for Russia : Novak
Iran , atomic agency in first talk since Rowhani election
Iran , six global power sign landmark nuclear deal
Iran , six world power clinch breakthrough nuclear deal
Iran , world power agree nuclear deal
Iran , world power begin new round of nuclear talk
Iran , world power pledge new nuclear talk
Iran : moderate candidate win presidential vote
Iran Nuclear Deal seal after Decades - Long dispute
Iran Nuclear Talks enter Third Day
Iran Nuclear Talks in Geneva Spur High hope
Iran and world power set for nuclear talk
Iran arrest several spy near nuclear plant
Iran be also a sign of the NPT and the IAEA .
Iran condemn alleged israeli airstrike on Syria
Iran dissident ' kill in Iraq '
Iran earthquake death toll rise
Iran end cooperation agreement with Pakistan
Iran exclude from Syria peace talk : UN
Iran expand nuclear enrichment activity : IAEA report
Iran hardliner attack nuclear deal
Iran hope nuclear talk will yield ' roadmap '
Iran may cut oil export to more EU state
Iran mps say ready to ban oil export to some EU state
Iran nuclear deal agree at talk
Iran nuclear expert , world power to resume talk next week
Iran nuclear talk enter crucial third day
Iran nuclear talk expect to resume this week
Iran nuclear talk extend to November 24
Iran nuclear talk start in Geneva
Iran nuke talk begin amid hope of progress
Iran predict failure of israeli - palestinian peace talk
Iran presidential candidate say western sanction should be break
Iran reiterate support for Iraq , Syria
Iran reject MKO claim on nuclear site
Iran reject claim on chlorine bomb
Iran say UN nuclear talk will continue
Iran say detect sabotage at nuclear facility
Iran say nuclear talk with UN ' constructive '
Iran say ready for fresh round of nuclear talk
Iran say serious issue remain in nuclear talk
Iran step up relief effort after quake kill 227
Iran step up sensitive nuclear work - IAEA
Iran up oil swap with eastern neighbor
Iran urge rapid release of diplomat
Iran vow to preserve " peaceful " nuclear program
Iran warn against military intervention in Iraq
Iranians Vote in Presidential Election
Iraq 's economy be ravage during year of U.N. sanction over ex - president Saddam Hussein 's 1990 occupation of Kuwait and by the u.s.-led war to oust he which end in April .
Iraq 's economy be shatter under former president Saddam Hussein and by the u.s.-led war to oust he which end in April .
Iraq army claim victory in Tikrit
Iraq army fight to retake Tikrit
Iraq back Egypt Crackdown on Morsi Supporters
Iraq back Egypt crackdown on Mohamed Morsi supporter
Iraq bombing kill at least 26
Iraq suicide bomber kill at least 12
Iraq violence kill 11
Iraq violence kill seven
Iron Dome intercept 17 rocket
Iron Dome intercept two rocket fire at Beersheba
Iron Lady Margaret Thatcher die at 87
Isaac drench Haiti , head toward Cuba , Florida
Isaac near Haiti with homeless quake population
Islam have always be political .
Israel 's Peres call for return to peace talk
Israel 's Peres urge return to peace talk
Israel 's West Bank control ' cost palestinian economy billion '
Israel , Hamas reportedly agree to 12 - hour truce
Israel , Palestinians seek another meeting Monday : U.S. official
Israel Launches Ground Offensive in Gaza
Israel PM accuse Iran president of hypocrisy
Israel advance plan to build 900 settlement home
Israel agree to 12 hour ceasefire
Israel agree to 24 - hour Gaza truce
Israel agree to extend Gaza truce by four hour
Israel agree to free 104 palestinian prisoner
Israel agree to release palestinian prisoner
Israel air strike kill 4 in Gaza ; death toll now at 38
Israel airstrike kill Hamas commander , 5 other
Israel among top arm exporter and importer
Israel among top arm exporter in world : report
Israel and Hamas ' Accept Temporary Truce '
Israel and Hamas to observe brief Gaza truce
Israel approve New Settlement Homes ahead of Peace Talks
Israel approve release of first group of palestinian prisoner ahead of peace talk
Israel attack in Gaza Strip after rocket fire
Israel bar german author Grass over poem
Israel bar german writer Grass from visit over poem
Israel call to account over late settlement plan by european country
Israel carry out Ground Offensive in Gaza
Israel classify Jerusalem native as noncitizen
Israel conduct airstrike on Syria
Israel criticize palestinian stance on settler
Israel detain 37 Palestinians as arrest operation continue
Israel do not give a * * * * , accept it .
Israel down drone from Lebanon
Israel end airstrike case ; Palestinians critical
Israel ex - spy warn against ' messianic ' Iran war
Israel face european backlash over settlement plan
Israel find body of three miss teen in West Bank
Israel free palestinian prisoner
Israel free second group of palestinian prisoner
Israel green - light 1500 settler home
Israel kill Hamas commander , bomb Gaza target
Israel launch airstrike into Syria
Israel launch new airstrike against Syria
Israel must release or try Palestinian on prolong hunger strike
Israel plane strike inside Syria
Israel reach deal with palestinian hunger striker
Israel release 26 more palestinian prisoner
Israel release 26 palestinian prisoner
Israel sanction Palestinians in new blow to peace talk
Israel say it carry out joint missile test with US in Mediterranean
Israel shoot down drone from Lebanon
Israel strike Syria as tension rise on weapon
Israel threaten action against Gaza aid ship
Israel to free palestinian hunger striker
Israel to release palestinian prisoner as part of deal to revive peace talk
Israel unveil 1,800 more settler home
Israel unveil plan for new settler home
Israel vow to deny Hezbollah after air strike
Israeli lightly hurt by stone in West Bank
Israelis , Palestinians begin talk
Israelis , Palestinians resume talk in US
Israelis attack 2 Palestinians in Jerusalem area
Italy bus crash death toll rise
Italy soldier die in Afghanistan
Italy to swear in new coalition government
JAL 's first order from Airbus be blow to Boeing
JK Rowling launch her first adult novel
Jagan Reddy shift to hospital , power crisis continue in Seemandhra
Jakarta pray for metro to ease traffic chaos
James : say faith without work be dead .
James Gandolfini die aged 51
James Murdoch quit BSkyB
James Murdoch quit role at BSkyB
James Rohr , chairman and chief executive officer , say PNC regret the incident .
Jane Doe , decide to fight the subpoena , ask Verizon to withhold her name .
Janet Yellen to become first woman to lead the Federal Reserve
Janice Kelly say her husband have receive assurance from senior mod official that his name would not be make public .
Japan 's opposition party chief criticize Abe 's economic policy
Japan , S korean military plane defy China 's new defence zone
Japan Airlines order 31 Airbus A350s value at $ 9.5 bn
Japan PM call for quick tsunami waste processing
Japan PM dissolve low house for election
Japan close last nuclear reactor
Japan defend dolphin hunt after US criticism
Japan defend dolphin hunt after criticism from US
Japan mark one year since quake and tsunami disaster
Japan scramble jet against russian military plane
Japan start hear on sale tax , ex - bank deputy urge gradual rise
Japan start hearing on propose tax hike
Japan switch off last nuclear power plant this weekend
Japan urge U.S. to quickly handle budget deadlock
Jay Fishman , 51 , chairman and chief executive of St Paul , will be chief executive of the combine company .
Jay my ex - fiance would not use the VA or Navy doctor 's .
Jaya Prada all set to join BJP
Jaya Prada likely to join BJP , Amar Singh to decide for her
Jeff Bezos Bets $ 250 million on Reviving Washington Post
Jeff Bezos pay $ 250 million for the Washington Post
Jenni Rivera , mexican music star , die in plane crash
Jeremy Hunt cling on as SpAd quit over News Corp email
Jeremy Hunt distance himself from adviser who ' overstep the mark '
Jerry Sandusky find guilty in child sex abuse trial
Jersey Murder Trial : Killer ' hear voice '
Jesse Jackson Jr. , Wife to plead Guilty to Fraud
Jesse Jackson Jr. and wife to plead guilty to fraud
Jim Furyk celebrate his first Father 's Day as a father by win his first major golf championship .
Jim Williams , director of the US - VISIT project , say that by the middle of November , inspector will be fingerprint and photograph many foreign passenger arrive in Atlanta .
Jim Williams , director of the US - VISIT project , say that by the middle of November , many arrive passenger in Atlanta will be fingerprint and photograph .
Jim Wolfcale , the jury foreman and a minister , say , " this case be both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting . "
Jingle Bell Rock by Bobby Helm we be all vessel fill with many wonder .
Jiroemon Kimura : World 's old person die aged 116
Joachim Gauck elect as german president
Jodie Singer , a sixth - grader from Washington , D.C. , anxiously await her turn at the microphone .
John Boehner : from humble origin , fiscal cliff may be his undoing
John Demjanjuk , convict Nazi death camp guard , die aged 91
John Heine , a spokesman for the commission in Washington , decline to comment on Mr. Spitzer 's criticism .
John the Baptist be a Nazarite from birth .
Johnson re - elect London mayor
Johnston make $ 5.8 million in salary and bonus in 2001 as president , and as a part - time adviser earn $ 1 million in 2002 .
Johor crown its fifth Sultan
Jonny Bairstow and Eoin Morgan shine for England in Mumbai
Joran Van Der Sloots plan to get married in Peru Prison
Jordan Green , the prelate 's private lawyer , say he have no comment .
Jordan bias over Palestinians from Syria
Jordan elect to UN security council seat that Saudi Arabia reject
Jordan elect to take saudi seat on UN Security Council
Judge Leroy Millette Jr. can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole when Muhammad be formally sentence Feb. 12 , but Virginia judge rarely take such action .
Judge OKs force - feed California inmate
Julian Assange plan to run for australian Senate
July 18 : Hurlbert file a single count of felony sexual assault against Bryant .
July 1st be the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong 's return to chinese rule .
Jury nullification do not mean that a law be unconstuitutional .
Jury nullification have nothing to do with the constitutionality of law .
Jury nullification mean a law be not constitutional ?
Justice Adly Mansour swear in as Egypt interim president
KEDO Spokesman , Roland Tricot say : " the executive board decide to refer this question to capital .
KL share continue uptrend mid - afternoon
KL share mix at mid - day
KL share remain high mid - afternoon
KLCI Futures trade mixed at mid - day
Kabul Bank Heads sentence for corruption
Kadyrov be not injure , but four of his bodyguard be among those kill .
Kangaroo eating .
Kansas City draft outfielder Chris Lubanski , from Kennedy - Kenrick High School in Pennsylvania , with the fifth pick .
Karzai to visit Pakistan for Taliban peace talk
Kathy Nicolo ( Jennifer Connelly ) be desperate that her family not find out that her life have fall apart .
Keita win Mali Presidential Election
Kentucky : Republican Ernie Fletcher , a three - term House member , be battle democratic state Attorney General Ben Chandler .
Kenya : Pair arrest by Anti - Terror Police
Kenya Red Cross say death toll rise to 68
Kerkowski and Fassett 's body be unearth at Selenski 's Mount Olivet Road home on June 5 .
Kerry 's plan for restart talk call for release of 103 palestinian inmate
Kerry : $ 4b palestinian Economic Plan could work
Kerry Welcomes Arab Plan for israeli - Palestinian talk
Kerry be view favorably by 66 percent of those poll ; Dean at 57 percent .
Kerry call on Congress to end shutdown
Kerry meet israeli leader to push Mideast peace
Kerry plan to include prisoner release , settlement freeze
Kerry postpone visit to Israel in one week
Kerry pursue ' quiet strategy ' in Mideast peace process
Kerry to visit Jordan , Israel - palestinian peace on agenda
Kerry vow progress after late intensive Mideast trip
Kevin Rudd swear in as australian prime minister
Key say marae visit a lose opportunity
Key want Waitangi marae visit to stay
Khan Said name as new pakistani Taliban leader after Hakimullah Mehsud kill in drone strike
Khatami , who arrive in Beirut Monday , be also to visit Syria , Yemen and Bahrain .
Killer may have film France school shooting
Kim Jong - un execute his ' bad than a Dog ' uncle
King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel will then recess the trial until Monday .
Knesset speaker : Obama reelection bad for Israel
Knight agree to a two - year , $ 2.38 million contract that include a $ 300,000 signing bonus .
Kodak expect earning of 5 cent to 25 cent a share in the quarter .
Kosovo : 3 get jail time in organ trafficking case
Kranjcar leave it late to rescue QPR against Moses - inspire Stoke
Kremlin : Putin yet to decide on use russian troop in Ukraine
Kroger 's Ralphs chain and Albertsons immediately lock out their grocery worker in a show of solidarity .
Kroger Co. , which own Ralphs , and Albertsons Inc. bargain jointly with Safeway and lock out their union worker the next day .
Kuwait : activist storm syrian embassy ; two injure
LIBERTARIAN / ANARCHO - capitalism : you have two cow .
LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel say that mean the cable could be use " as we see fit .
LOL , you be so ignorant .
LOL do not you have to take a test to drive a vehicle in the US ?
LURD 's Ja'neh also call for an interim government and the deployment of a u.s.-led western peacekeeping force .
Labor Department analyst discount a slight improvement in the national unemployment rate , which fall in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent .
Labor Department analyst think the payroll statistic from the survey of business provide a more accurate picture of the economy because the survey figure be base on a large sample .
Labor ministry announcement due on Monday
Labour 's 50p tax rate : what you need to know
Lance Armstrong confess all to Oprah
Lance Armstrong confess to dope in Oprah interview
Lance Armstrong plot strategy after loss of title
Lance Armstrong strip of Tour de France title
Landon Memory from CATS we be all vessel fill with many wonder .
Landon and so this be Christmas we be all vessel fill with many wonder .
Lara plan visit to Nepal
Larry Page say Android important , not critical
Lay have argue that handing over the document would be a violation of his Fifth Amendment right against self - incrimination .
Lay have refuse to turn over the paper , assert his Fifth Amendment right against self - incrimination .
Lebanon 's PM form ' unity cabinet ' Lebanon 's prime minister have form a cabinet more than 10 month after take office , take in a wide range of political group after bridge serious division be
Lee Boyd Malvo will be call as a witness Wednesday in a pretrial hearing for fellow sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad .
LendingTree match borrower via the internet with more than 200 mortgage broker , bank and other lender .
LendingTree share rise 43 percent , or $ 6.31 , to $ 21 , more than double in the last two month .
Leon Williams ' body be find inside his third - floor apartment at 196 Bay St. , in Tompkinsville .
Lewis Hamilton take Pole for russian gp
Lewis Hamilton win inaugural russian gp
Li Na to announce retirement
Libya ' destroy last chemical weapon '
Libya : UN order investigation into Libya right abuse
Libya PM name new cabinet after protest over original
Libya abruptly close its border with four country
Libya close border , declare martial law in south
Libya threaten army action against oil protester
Libyans begin hand in weapon
Libyans transfer weapon to army
Linda Saunders plead guilty in federal court to six charge , include extortion , money laundering and conspiracy .
Lionel Richie be dance on the ceiling .
Lionel Ritchie dance while stand on the ceiling .
London - base NCRI official Ali Safavi tell Reuters : " we condemn this raid , which be in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable . "
Los Angeles airport worker charge over 9/11 threat
Los Angeles airport worker charge with make 9/11 threat
Lowe 's , with about half as many store , report a 33 percent increase in third - quarter profit behind a 12 percent jump in same - store sale .
Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas tell a news conference Monday that authority be ` ` continue to make significant progress '' in the case .
MEN who drink tea , particularly green tea , can greatly reduce their risk of prostate cancer , a landmark WA study have find .
MH17 dead fly back to Netherlands
MP Sachin Tendulkar say no to govt bungalow
MSN Messenger 6 will be available for download start at 6 p.m. GMT on Wednesday from http://messenger.msn.com/download/v6preview.asp .
MSNBC.com first report the CIA request on Friday .
Macau Gambling Revenue Hits Record $ 38 bn in 2012
Macau gambling revenue hit record us$ 38b in 2012
Maddox , 87 , crack two rib when he fall about 10 day ago at an assisted living home where he be recover from intestinal surgery , Virginia Carnes say .
Maddox , who have battle cancer since 1983 , crack two rib early this month when he fall at an assisted living home where he be recover from surgery .
Madoff 's brother to plead guilty to fraud
Magnitude 6.3 quake strike off Solomon Islands : usg
Magnitude-6.0 quake jolt Santa Cruz Islands : CENC
Maj - Gen Jeffery say he would give his military pension to charity while he serve at Yarralumla .
Malala leave british hospital
Malawi 's new president swear in after dispute election
Malawi confirm President Mutharika 's death
Malawi officially confirm President 's death
Malaysia 's long - rule coalition hang on to power
Malaysia 's rule coalition win majority
Malaysia Airlines investigate co - pilot on miss flight
Malaysia Airlines lose contact with plane carry 239 to Beijing
Malaysia Airlines plane crash on Ukraine - Russia border
Malaysia Airlines plane crash on Ukraine - Russia border - live
Malaysia Airlines plane vanishe on flight to Beijing
Malaysia detain australian lawmaker at airport
Malaysia detain australian senator at airport
Malaysia election : Malaysians vote with power at stake for first time
Malaysia to extradite Iranian for attack on Israelis
Malaysians vote in poll for stability or change
Maldives hold fresh election for president
Maldives hold fresh presidential election
Maldives president quit after week of protest
Mali 's President Formally Resigns
Mali 's President Hands in resignation
Mali 's Tuareg rebel declare independence
Mali 's interim President Sworn into office
Mali Islamists destroy more holy Timbuktu site
Mali future interim president ready to take office
Mali hunt jihadist nightclub killers
Mali islamist destroy ' more Timbuktu shrine '
Mall attacker use ' less be more ' strategy
Man , 19 , quiz over teen murder
Man , 40 , arrest after shoot
Man be carry a tool box down the sidewalk .
Man find car on eBay 42 year after it be steal
Man hold after teen shoot in Belfast
Manchester City win English Premier League title
Manchester City win second Premier League title in three year
Mandela 's condition have ' improve '
Mandela 's condition have ' worsen over past 48 hour '
Mandela 's family thank nation and world for support
Mandela Discharged from Hospital
Mandela back in hospital in ‚ äėserious but stable‚Äô condition
Mandela hospitalise after he stop talk
Mandela hospitalize , respond to treatment
Mandela in Hospital for 3rd Day
Mandela leave hospital after 10 day
Mandela movie to open this month in South Africa
Mandela release from hospital
Mandela remain in ' intensive care '
Mandela remain in hospital
Mandela remember by family , as stadium memorial service be plan
Mandela spend third day in hospital
Mandela to spend Christmas in hospital
Manmohan hope to clinch nuclear deal with Japan
Mann 's work and the HS be all about tree ring .
Mann 's work be all about math .
Manning WikiLeaks case turn to sentencing phase
Manuel and his group enter the US the same way thousand of people do every day , by walk across the bridge between Matamoros and Brownsville .
March   be also the date for the uprising in CHINA .
Margaret Thatcher die after stroke
Margaret Thatcher die at 87
Marissa Jaret Winokur , as Tracy , win for good actress in a musical .
Martin say , " why be you follow I ? "
Matt Holliday own , you all .
Matt Smith quit BBC ’s Doctor who
Matt Smith to leave Doctor who after 4 year
May Day mark by protest against austerity cut
May Housing start up 6.8 %
Mayawati demand president 's rule in Kashmir
Mayawati demand president rule in Jammu and Kashmir
Mayday : fear for asylum seeker
Mayor Joe T. Parker say late Thursday that the three worker be two man and a woman who be inside the building when the first blast occur .
McAfee to acquire firewall Stonesoft for $ 389 million
McCloskey die Sunday afternoon in his home after a year - long battle with bladder cancer .
McDonald 's share rise $ 1.83 to close Friday at $ 23.89 on the New York Stock Exchange .
MediaQ 's customer include major handheld maker Mitsubishi , Siemens , Palm , Sharp , Philips , Dell and Sony .
Mel Smith dead at 60 and UK mourn a comedy favourite
Menendez face possible corruption charge
Meningitis be an infection of the fluid in a person 's spinal cord and around the brain .
Meningitis be an infection of the spinal cord fluid and the tissue around the brain .
Merkel Vies 3rd Term in Office in Germany Elections
MessageLabs , which run outsource e - mail server for 700,000 customer around the world , say it have filter out 27,000 infect e - mail in 115 country as of Thursday morning .
Messagelabs , which run outsource e - mail server for 700,000 customer around the world , have label the worm " high risk " and report more than 31,000 infection in 120 country .
Meteorite hit central Russia , 400 hurt
Meteorite hit central Russia , more than 500 people hurt
Metropolitan Ambulance spokesman James Howe say five people be take to hospital and three be treat at the scene after yesterday 's incident .
Mexico have zero claim to California .
Mexico storm death toll continue to rise
Mexico swear in president amid violent protest
Miami Heat clinch NBA Championship
Miami Heat win NBA Finals
Michael Schiavo have argue that his wife never want to be keep alive artificially .
Michael Schumacher still in a coma fighting for his life follow skiing accident
Michelle Wie chip Sunday during her 1 - up victory over Virada Nirapathpongporn in the 27th U.S. Women 's Amateur Public Links Championship .
Michigan be a GOP control state .
Micron 's number also mark the first quarterly profit in three year for the DRAM manufacturer .
Micron have declare its first quarterly profit for three year .
Micronesia vice president to visit China
Microsoft 's Surface a big bet on future : analyst
Microsoft 's Surface tablet promise , but question remain
Microsoft acquire virtual pc from its developer , Connectix , early this year .
Microsoft acquire virtual pc when it buy the asset of Connectix early this year .
Microsoft fall 5 percent before the open to $ 27.45 from Thursday 's close of $ 28.91 .
Microsoft have be award a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alert a user when the person they be communicate with be inputte a message .
Microsoft have be award a patent on a popular instant - message feature that show user when the person on the other end of the conversation be type a message .
Microsoft have identify the freely distribute Linux software as one of the big threat to its sale .
Microsoft issue a patch for the vulnerability , which affect Windows NT 4.0 , Windows NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition , Windows 2000 , Windows XP and Windows Server 2003 .
Microsoft say Friday that it be halt development of future Macintosh version of its internet Explorer browser , cite competition from Apple Computer 's Safari browser .
Microsoft say to cut up to 18,000 job
Microsoft to cut 18,000 job in overhaul
Microsoft will stop develop version of its internet Explorer browser software for Macintosh computer , say that Apple 's Safari be now all that Apple need .
Middle East : Iraq : 17 prisoner Escape in Kirkuk
Middle East : Israel : Hamas Leader convict
Miliband pledge to strengthen minimum wage
Military hold upper hand in Egypt
Million Muppet March plan to defend U.S. backing for PBS
Minister 's wife 's death ' unnatural '
Minn. Terminal Reopens after Bag Causes evacuation
Minn. terminal reopen after evacuation
Miodrag Zivkovic , of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro , win 31 percent of the vote , while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic get 4 percent .
Miss New York be crown Miss America
Miss New York win Miss America crown
Missouri Education Commissioner Kent King say he be disappoint by the score .
Missouri health official say he have not be hospitalize and be recover .
Missouri kick Ricky Clemons off its team , end his troubled career there .
Mitt Romney win Maryland GOP primary
Mitt Romney win republican primary in Indiana
Mitzna and party secretary Ophir Pines agree to convene party organization within 10 day to discuss whether new primary would be hold or a temporary leader appoint .
Mobster " Whitey " Bulger 's girlfriend get 8 year
Mohamed Morsi swear in as eygptian president
Monkeypox be usually find only in central and western Africa .
Montenegrin police fire tearga to disperse opposition
Monty Python to reunite for new show
Monty Python to reunite on stage
Moody 's upgrade greek credit rating
Moore do not have an immediate response Tuesday .
Moore have no immediate comment Tuesday .
Moose 's book go on sale Monday , nearly a year after the sniper shooting start in the Washington area .
More death expect in Canada Oil Train explosion
More factchecking : I do not know why anyone be make a fuss over the $ , bet .
More french soldier to central African Republic
More rain hamper indian flood rescue
More than 1,000 inmate escape from Libya 's al - Kweifiya prison
More than 100 officer launch the London raid in the final phase of a two - year operation investigate a cocaine and money laundering ring .
More than 100 police officer be involve in the bust that be the culmination of a two - year operation investigate the cocaine importing and money launder gang .
More than 130 people have be arrest and $ 17 million worth of property seize in an internet fraud sweep announce Friday by three U.S. government agency .
More than 3,400 migrant rescue at sea in Mediterranean
More than 30 strike miner kill
More than 30 strike miner kill in South Africa
More than 60 kill at Iraq funeral
More than 70 dead in clash at Morsi rally in Egypt
Morrill 's wife , Ellie , sob and hug Bondeson 's sister - in - law during the service .
Morsi 's supporter reject plan
Moscow 's Crimea success could lead to it redrawe Ukraine 's eastern border
Moscow protest against Vladimir Putin small and quieter
Moscow protester demand Vladimir Putin 's resignation
Most french support military operation in Mali
Most taxpayer will get surprise tax cut of between $ 4 and $ 11 a week from July 1 .
Most time , % of the time , we be get what we expect .
Motor Racing : Button fast in year 's first F1 practice
Mr Alibek say : " our outcome be very encouraging .
Mr Bush arrive on Tuesday on the first state visit by an american President .
Mr Colpin do not specify whether it be this system that be at the centre of the investigation .
Mr Hadley , who have a new partner and child , say : " I be absolutely delighted .
Mr Howard also say yesterday that Hicks would be fairly treat , say he have faith in the US justice system .
Mr Howard say he also have faith in the system under which Hicks could be try .
Mr Hughes have see Amrozi 's face on television , the infamous image of the grin mechanic from east Java .
Mr Levine confirm that Ms Cohen Alon have try to sell the story during the World Cup .
Mr Levine say she have be offer $ 400,000 to tell her story to an australian tv network .
Mr McDevitt have be grant control of three aspect of police by Commissioner William Morrell .
Mr McDevitt have be grant control of three crucial aspect of police in the Solomons .
Mr Morse be charge with assault and Mr Darvish be charge with file a false report .
Mr Sahel say police have identify the body of seven of the 14 - strong cell believe to have carry out the five almost simultaneous attack on Saturday .
Mr. Bankhead say the crime scene indicate that the killer be " very methodical . "
Mr. Chapman , who have not be arrest , be expect to appear for arraignment next Thursday , prosecutor say .
Mr. Geoghan have be live in a protective custody unit since be transfer to the prison on April 3 .
Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus reject any disparity in drug benefit .
Mr. Manuel and his group enter the United States by walk across the bridge link Matamoros and Brownsville .
Mr. Mask say Mr. Cullen would be take from the Somerset County Jail by Thursday and move to the Ann Klein Forensic Hospital just outside Trenton for psychiatric care .
Mr. Mills decline to comment yesterday , say that he never discuss personnel matter .
Mr. Pingeon be director of litigation for Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services , a prisoner ' right group .
Mr. Powell tell a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstone , many of they mark the grave of entire family .
Mr. Swan 's group support the governor 's democratic opponent , Bill Curry , in the 2002 election .
Mr. Sweeney outline plan for the campaign in a speech last night in Philadelphia at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association .
Mr. Turner transfer about 10 million share to a charitable trust before they be sell .
Ms Cohen Alon 's lawyer , Donald Levine , confirm she try to sell the story in February .
Ms. Cripps - Prawak leave last Friday , two day after the department introduce a plan to distribute medical marijuana through doctor ' office .
Mubarak 's son face new charge of insider trading
Mubarak face verdict in murder trial
Mubarak retrial adjourn to June
Mugabe declare winner of dispute election
Mumbai Indians put T&T in its place
Mumbai be 2nd costly indian city to live in
Mumbai journalist gang - rape case : all five accuse arrest
Murphy say Strier 's sister , Ethel Celnik , be in the courtroom at the time , but Strier be not .
Murray end 77 - year wait for british win
Murray win Wimbledon title end Britains 77year agony
Musharraf arrest in Lal Masjid case
Musharraf arrest in Pakistan
Muslim Brotherhood ban in Egypt
Muslim Brotherhood supporter die in Cairo clash
Muslim Brotherhood supporter die in Egypt clash
Muslims in hiding as sectarian ...
Muslims pray for end to division
Muslims torch buddhist temple
Myanmar 's pro - democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be keep under house arrest follow her release from a hospital where she undergo surgery , her personal physician say Friday .
Myanmar 's pro - democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will return home late Friday but will remain in detention after recover from surgery at a Yangon hospital , her personal physician say .
Myanmar : Opposition claim Suu Kyi win
Myanmar police say 13 child die in electrical fire at mosque
Myanmar ’s Suu Kyi urge party unity amid squabble
N Korea ' fire 100 shell ' into the sea
N Korea hit with new US sanction
N Korea say it may delay controversial rocket launch
N Korea test - fire 30 short - range missile
N Korea to halt work at joint industrial zone
N Korea warn of retaliation for South Korea drill
N. Korea 's Kim hail execution of powerful uncle
N. Korea Deports Elderly American
N. Korea agree to talk with South
N. Korea fire short - range missile
N. Korea look set to delay controversial rocket launch
N. Korea vow to expand nuclear deterrent
N.C. State Fair ride operator arrest after accident
NA president‚äôs message on the World Press Freedom Day
NASA satellite image show that Arctic ice have be shrink at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade .
NASCAR official could not be reach for comment Tuesday .
NATO : 2 International Troops kill in Afghanistan
NATO : 3 troop kill in Afghanistan attack
NATO : 4 aid worker rescue from afghan insurgent
NATO : 5 Americans kill in southern Afghanistan
NATO : Patriot missile battery operational on syrian border
NATO Condemns Syria 's Downing of turkish Military Jet
NATO Soldier kill in Afghan Attack
NATO Soldier kill in Afghan Blast
NATO Soldier kill in Afghanistan
NATO US troop detain over shooting of afghan civilian
NATO helicopter make hard landing in E. Afghanistan
NATO leader commit to Afghanistan Transition
NATO leader play down risk of Turkey - Syria clash
NATO protester acquit of terrorism charge
NATO protester convict on non - terrorism charge
NATO say North Korea nuclear test be grave threat to world peace
NATO say four troop kill in " insider " attack in afghan south
NATO soldier die in Afghanistan
NATO soldier kill in S. Afghanistan
NATO stick to transition roadmap in Afghanistan : Rasmussen
NATO strike ' kill civilian ' in Afghanistan
NATO strike kill 11 afghan child
NATO strongly condemn Syria 's downing of turkish jet
NATO trace path out of Afghanistan
NATO troop kill in Afghan ' insider attack '
NATO up military presence amid russian threat
NKorea execute Kim Jong Un ' uncle
NKorea make " significant " nuclear reactor progress - IAEA
NM County prepare for same - Sex Marriages hearing
NRA official to face question for first time since controversial remark
NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden leave Hong Kong on flight to Moscow
NYPD 's twitter campaign backfire
NYPD Twitter Outreach backfire badly
NZ to increase export to China
Nadal top Djokovic for 7th french open title
Nah , that be not how it work .
Napolitano elect for second term as Italy president
Narendra Modi ' photoshoppe ' image of Chennai flood visit go viral
Narendra Modi pledge tough stand against Pakistan
Natalie be a complete fool to have insult their fan base .
National Constitution Center President Joseph Torsella be hit in the head and knock to his knee .
Nato airstrike kill two afghan kid
Nato condemn Ukraine crackdown
Nato solider die in Afghanistan
Nato troop kill two afghan child
Naval Academy spokesman Cmdr . Rod Gibbons say : ` ` today 's announcement come as a surprise .
Navy jet crash into Apartment building
Navy jet crash into US apartment , pilot eject
Navy jet crash into Virginia apartments,9 hurt
Navy jet crash into Virginia building , injure six
Navy panel urge ouster of officer who fake death
Nazi gestapo chief ' bury in jewish cemetery '
Neander 's revise version " ?
Nelson Mandela 's condition improve
Nelson Mandela 's health ' unstable '
Nelson Mandela 's real hero be not Gandhi , but Nehru
Nelson Mandela Dies at Age 95
Nelson Mandela die : live coverage
Nelson Mandela die aged 95
Nelson Mandela go home after Hospital Stay
Nelson Mandela hospital release report ' incorrect '
Nelson Mandela memorial service
Nelson Mandela return to hospital in ‚ äėserious but stable‚Äô condition
Nelson Mandela take to hospital
Nepal earthquake death toll surpass 7,000
Nevada : 2 dead , 2 hurt in middle school shooting
New Jersey School Bans Hugging
New Syria opposition chief want no - string aid
New US Sanctions Target Overseas Cyber Attackers
New World Trade Center declare tall building in U.S.
New York Stock Exchange to reopen Wednesday
New Zealand legalize same - sex marriage
New Zealand set to legalise gay marriage
New Zealand vote to legalise same - sex marriage
Newark mayor rescue neighbor from burn house
Newark mayor save neighbor from fire
Newcastle 2 - 0 Liverpool : match report , picture & video highlight
Nick Markakis , a left - hander from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia , go to the Orioles with the seventh pick .
Niels tell an interviewer in 1999 he think the Old Man would outlive he by many year .
Nigel Farage call on Government to let syrian refugee into UK
Nigeria : University Bombed in North
Nigeria : nigerian troop swarm after 40 kill in student massacre
Nigeria Votes in Tight Presidential Election
Nigeria admit slow response in Ebola case
Nigeria drop arm traffic charge against russian sailor
Nigeria lawmaker charge over allege bribery
Nigeria plane crash : no survivor
Nigeria police make arrest after college massacre
Nigeria university mass attack by gunman
Nigerian MP charge with accept $ 3 m bribe
Nintendo trim red ink , lower forecast for year
Nirvana be not oblivion .
Nirvana be very different than oblivion .
Nissan to offer steer - by - wire system in some Infiniti car
Nissan to sell steer - by - wire car
Nixon , Ford and Carter shut down the oilfield ?
Nobel Prize win author Doris Lessing die
Nobel author Doris Lessing die at 94
Nobel laureate Doris Lessing die at 94
North Korea ' postpone ' family union with South Korea
North Korea 's Kim hail execution of powerful uncle
North Korea 's Kim see behind sack of powerful uncle
North Korea 's third test bring it close to nuclear power status
North Korea : expert call for dialogue ‚ Äď and say China must play a part
North Korea Blocks Access to Key Industrial Zone
North Korea Offers Talks : Complex May re - open
North Korea Postpones Family Reunions with South
North Korea Shuts last remain Hotline to South
North Korea block Kaesong access
North Korea block access to joint industrial zone
North Korea conduct third nuclear test
North Korea confirm Third Nuclear Test
North Korea cut last tie with South by bar joint industrial park
North Korea deport detain US war veteran
North Korea fire three short - range missile
North Korea launch short - range missile
North Korea propose high - level talk with US
North Korea reportedly test - fire short - range missile
North Korea say detain american tourist to face trial
North Korea say to put US citizen on trial
North Korea say to restart nuclear reactor
North Korea shoot 2 rocket
North Korea shun offer of talk
North Korea test fire 30 missile into the sea
North Korea to put US citizen on trial
North Korea vow to restart nuclear facility
North Korea warn Foreigners in South , advise evacuation
North Korea warn foreigner in South to evacuate
North warn of retaliation for Seoul 's naval drill plan
Norway Marks Anniversary of Breivik 's massacre
Norway memorial honour 77 massacre victim
Nterprise Linux Services be expect to be available before then end of this year .
Nuremberg , Germany - base SuSE will license Sun 's Java 2 Standard Edition ( J2SE ) and ship Sun 's Java Virtual Machine across its Linux software line .
Nutrax the plural of anecdote be not datum
Nutrax the plural of anecdote be not datum do gentleman need chaperone ?
O'Brien 's attorney , Jordan Green , decline to comment .
OMG , " Einstein do not go to college . "
OPEC producer at a meeting on Wednesday be set to pressure independent oil exporter to contribute to the cartel 's next supply cut to allow for the return of iraqi oil .
OPEC this week be set to pressure independent exporter to back the cartel 's next supply cut to prevent the resumption of iraqi export undercut oil price .
Obama 's big hispanic win worry republican
Obama 's day : prime time on Syria
Obama 's poll rating drop in boost for republican rival
Obama , Romney Prepare for First Debate
Obama , Romney compete for undecided , stoke base
Obama , Romney prepare to debate
Obama Praises Mandela ' Inspiration '
Obama Secret Service agent send home
Obama Urges Restraint from Israelis , Palestinians
Obama address Secret Service scandal
Obama aide hold talk in China after Syria veto
Obama and O'Brien Cast their Versions of D.C. White House Correspondents ' Dinner
Obama and Romney focus on swing - state
Obama announce creation of twin manufacturing hub
Obama back Philippines over South China Sea
Obama be Bush 's fault .
Obama be extreme and leftwe .
Obama be part of the extreme leftwing .
Obama call for international front against IS
Obama cancel Moscow meeting with Putin
Obama cancel meeting with Putin
Obama come ' to listen ' to Israel , Palestinians
Obama condemn Egypt violence , cancel military exercise
Obama condemn kill of 3 israeli teen
Obama declare health care law be work
Obama economic tour buffet by low expectation
Obama hail Mandela 's inspiration effect
Obama hold talk over Syria action
Obama joke about himself at reporter ' dinner
Obama laud progress on gay right in inaugural address
Obama make last - minute decision on Syria approval
Obama meet Mandela family as icon remain in hospital
Obama meet Zuma and pay tribute to Mandela
Obama meet israeli , palestinian negotiator
Obama meet with Mandela family
Obama move to fill Fed board , tap Fischer to be no . 2
Obama mull limited military action in Syria
Obama nominate new transportation secretary
Obama order Syria ' gas attack ' inquiry
Obama pledge to make new health care law work
Obama pledge to reignite economy
Obama poke fun at critic during press dinner
Obama praise u.s.-latin America trade tie
Obama put Syria strike on hold
Obama query Turnbull over China port deal
Obama relax deportation rule for young immigrant
Obama renew offer to cut social safety net in big budget deal : aide
Obama say clear rule need to calm South China Sea
Obama set to speak on Syria from White House at 1:15 p.m. EDT
Obama take ' selfie ' at Mandela 's funeral service
Obama take offensive against Romney in debate
Obama team raise debate stake
Obama travel to tornado - ravage Oklahoma
Obama urge Europe to act quickly on crisis
Obama urge decisive action on Europe debt crisis
Obama urge military action against Syria , but will seek Congress ' ok
Obama visit tornado hit Oklahoma
Obama vow to save Iraqis strand on mountain
Obama widen lead over Romney despite job datum : Reuters / Ipsos poll
Obus also deny a defense motion to postpone the Sept. 29 trial date .
October heating oil end down 0.41 cent to 70.74 cent a gallon .
October heating oil future settle .85 cent low at 69.89 cent a gallon .
Okla. inmate die of heart attack after botched execution
Oklahoma examine what go wrong in botched execution
Olivia Colman win second BAFTA Award
Olympics Opening Ceremony A Hit around globe
Operation Chaos be merely people vote .
Oracle Corp 's Chairman and CEO Larry Ellison do not rule out sweeten the company 's unsolicited offer to acquire rival PeopleSoft Inc.
Osama Bin Laden Wives to be jail
Osama Bin Laden movie to be film in India
Oscar Pistorius sentence to 5 year in prison
Owner arrest as Bangladesh building toll reach 372
P.G. police seek driver in crash that kill child
PACIFIC requirement .
PG&E Corp. share jump $ 1.63 or 8 percent to $ 21.03 on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday .
PM Narendra Modi speak of non - discrimination and equality
PRESIDENT Yoweri Museveni have promote Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima to Major General and name he Army Commander .
PSNI fail ruc officer , tribunal tell
PURE COMMUNISM : you have two cow .
Page say it be also possible that gene on the Y chromosome may influence gender - specific difference in disease susceptibility .
Pak : 20 dead in anti - islam film protest
Pak army adamant on fight the other Taleban
Pakistan 's Malala leave hospital to await surgery
Pakistan 's Musharraf arrive at court for first time
Pakistan 's Musharraf under Arrest in Bhutto Assassination
Pakistan 's opposition party boycotts presidential election
Pakistan 's pm order YouTube halt over anti - islam film
Pakistan - UN report reveal alarming level of drug use
Pakistan Dismisses Case against FBI Agent
Pakistan PM for deep economic tie with Sri Lanka
Pakistan Shi'ites demand protection from militant
Pakistan Taliban vow revenge , to repay Hakimullah 's killing in bloodshed
Pakistan begin demolition of bin Laden compound
Pakistan condemn U.S. drone strike
Pakistan condemn US drone strike in Miranshah
Pakistan condemn US drone strike in Shawal Area
Pakistan condemn violence in Egypt
Pakistan convoy head to protest US drone strike
Pakistan court demand ' blasphemy ' rampage answer
Pakistan demolish Osama bin Laden hideout
Pakistan drone strike kill up to six
Pakistan execution draw international ire
Pakistan hold direct talk with Taliban
Pakistan impose temporary ban on 2 tv channel
Pakistan mark World Press Freedom Day
Pakistan protest ceasefire violation by India
Pakistan release seven afghan Taliban fighter
Pakistan release top afghan Taliban prisoner
Pakistan to release most senior afghan Taliban prisoner
Pakistan to release senior Taliban commander on Saturday
Pakistan want arm supply to syrian side stop
Pakistani Mob Kills Man ' for burn Koran '
Pakistani Taleban chief kill in US drone strike
Pakistans Imran blame rival for kill party member
Palestinian arrest for sexually harass young girl
Palestinians ' first ever UN vote symbolic yet historic
Palestinians ' hit ' by israeli fire in Gaza
Palestinians , Jordan coordinate stance on peace talk
Palestinians , israeli police clash at Jerusalem 's al - Aqsa
Palestinians : 12 kill in IDF strike in northern Strip
Palestinians : 2 Gaza militant kill in israeli airstrike on coastal strip
Palestinians : we do not want Kerry Mission to Fail
Palestinians build another West Bank tent protest
Palestinians clash with israeli force in West Bank , Jerusalem
Palestinians clash with security force in W. Bank
Palm Wednesday announce plan to acquire Handspring , a company start by Jeff Hawkins , regard by many as the father of the Palm handheld .
Palm say on Wednesday it plan to buy Handspring , a company create by renegade Palm co - founder Jeff Hawkins .
Panetta say Afghanistan role to shift from combat in 2013
Pataki praise Abraham 's decision , and LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel say the cable should be keep in operation permanently .
Pataki say if power be restore , state worker would be back on the job Friday morning .
Paul do not have a shot .
Paul do not preach faith without work .
Peace Rules defeat Funny Cide in the Louisiana Derby .
Pena Nieto win Mexico presidential vote : exit poll
Penn State football player react to sanction
Penn State football slam with NCAA sanction
Penn Traffic 's stock close at 36 cent per share on Wednesday on Nasdaq , up two cent .
Penn Traffic stock close Wednesday at 36 cent , up 2 cent , or 6.2 percent , from Tuesday 's close .
Pennsylvania , which have the most aggressive treatment program , be treat 548 of 8,030 inmate .
Pentagon adjust plan for more intense attack on Syria
People be responsible for their action .
People be stand on an escalator move up .
People be walk in the garden .
People bend the law .
People exploit the law .
People flip into a swimming pool .
People in a van open fire on a pickup and SUV believe to be transport illegal immigrant , say Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool .
People ride and paddle a raft .
People ride moped in an urban setting .
People ride up an escalator .
People sit on acouch .
People sit on the porch .
People stand outside a bookstore .
People step off a train .
People who have oppose these action throughout be now try to find fresh reason to say this be not the right thing to do . "
People who once think their blood pressure be fine actually may be well on their way to hypertension under new U.S. guideline publish on Wednesday .
People who once think their blood pressure be fine actually need to start exercise and eat well , accord to new U.S. guideline publish on Wednesday .
PeopleSoft 's board have recommend stockholder reject the offer .
Perry have call lawmaker into two special session to address congressional redistricting .
Perry have since call two special legislative session to try force the redistricting plan through .
Perry say he back the Senate 's effort , include the fine , to force the Democrats to return .
Person dress in blue ride brown horse .
Person in grassy field tend to sheep .
Person with two ski pole ski down a snowy hill .
Peru protester clash with police
Peter Deutsch , D - Fla. , say he want to congratulate the FDA .
Peter Lyman and Hal Varian of Berkeley 's School of Information Management and Systems say that information production have increase by 30 percent each year between 1999 and 2002 .
Peterson tell police he fish alone in San Francisco Bay on Christmas Eve , return to an empty house .
Peterson tell police he leave his wife at about 9:30 a.m. on Dec. 24 to fish alone in San Francisco Bay .
Philadelphia building collapse , 8 - 10 people may be trap
Philadelphia building collapse ; report of people trap
Philip leave hospital after 11 day
Philippe ascend throne of divided Belgium
Philippe become king of Belgium
Philippines defer comment on Taiwan fisher attack
Philippines hold second senator over corruption
Piers Morgan interview by Police in Hacking Case
Piers Morgan question by police
Pingeon say an attorney for his organization , Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services , interview Assan Tuesday .
Plane Crash in Ghana : how the international medium report it
Plofsky say the commission will not investigate because the three - year statute of limitation have expire .
Poland honor president kill in 2010 plane crash
Poland president lose to challenger
Police ' do not link ' Savile claim
Police : 19 hurt in NOLA Mother 's Day shooting
Police : Explosion in Belfast Cathedral Quarter
Police : Gunman kill 6 in California shooting
Police : Utah soccer referee punch by player die
Police : four kill in german hostage take incident
Police abandon post in Lesotho , fear for life
Police arrest suspect in deadly LA drive attack
Police attack in Belfast flag protest
Police clash with youth in Cairo after anti - morsi protest
Police confirm how suspect be capture
Police converge on street in search for Boston bomb suspect
Police fire tear gas at protester
Police fire tear gas at protester in Bangkok
Police fire tear gas at protester in Cairo
Police fire tear gas to disperse protester in Tunis
Police fire teargas on venezuelan vote protester
Police have arrest 21 people in connection with the murder of a young nigerian child whose headless and limbless torso be find float in the river Thames .
Police helicopter crash into scottish pub
Police helicopter crash on top of bar in Glasgow
Police kill gunman , find 3 more dead in Colo. home
Police launch an international hunt for Shevaun Pennington after she run away with 31 - year - old Toby Studabaker Saturday .
Police question man in deadly LA boardwalk crash
Police raise death toll in bus accident to 8
Police say her two small child be alone in the apartment for up to two day .
Police say her two small child be alone there for up to two day as she lie dead .
Police seek gunman in New Orleans Mother 's Day parade shoot
Police spokesman Brig . Gen. Edward Aritonang confirm Saturday that another two have be arrest , one in Jakarta and another in Magelang , Central Java .
Police stop maldives presidential election
Police surround protester in Belfast ahead of g8
Police target illegal tobacco syndicate
Police use pepper spray and rubber bullet to disperse a downtown march and rally last night by activist protest an annual police intelligence - training seminar .
Police use pepper spray arrest 12 people Monday night at a march and rally by about 400 activist protest an annual training seminar of the Law Enforcement Intelligence Unit .
Pope Benedict XVI depart Vatican for last time
Pope Benedict XVI say Goodbye to cardinal
Pope Francis Slips out of Vatican for Prayers
Pope Francis commemorate dead migrant at Lampedusa
Pope Francis condemn global indifference to suffer
Pope call for action on climate change in draft encyclical
Pope hit out at ‚ Äėwar to sell arms‚äô in Syria
Pope rip into dissident priest on celibacy
Pope thank public for join his Syria vigil
Pope urge action on climate change in draft encyclical
Pope ’s butler arrest in scandal over Vatican leak
Portugal - China to strengthen scientific research tie
Pratt & Whitney have say that 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsource to Europe , with final assembly in Germany .
Pratt & Whitney have say that if it win the contract 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsource to european supplier , with final assembly in Germany .
President Bush have raise $ 83.9 million since begin his re - election campaign in May , and have $ 70 million of that leave to spend , his campaign say Tuesday .
President Bush raise a record - break $ 49.5 million for his re - election campaign over the last three month , with contribution from 262,000 Americans , the president 's campaign chairman say Tuesday .
President John Evans Atta - Mills must resign now -NPP Germany
President Mills must quit - lecturer
President Obama reveal plan to withdraw troop from Afghanistan by 2016
President Obama warn Russia to stay out of Ukraine
President Xi : China to continue help to fight Ebola
President for early conclusion of Eco Partnership with Sri Lanka
President head to Bahrain
President mourn death of Mandela
Press release : yemeni Presidential Election
Preston and England legend Tom Finney die at 91
Prime Minister to seek nuclear deal , investment during Japan visit
Prince 's christen a blend of old and new
Prince , who head Citigroup 's global corporate and investment bank , be replace Sanford Weill as ceo .
Prince Charles ' compare Putin to Hitler '
Prince Charles ' compare Vladimir Putin to Adolf Hitler '
Prince George be christen at St James 's Palace
Prince George christen in London
Prince William don samurai gear on Japan tour
Prince William of Britain arrive in Beijing
Prince be replace Sanford " Sandy " Weill , who will remain Citigroup 's chairman .
Pro - Pak Taliban warlord kill in US drone strike
Probe allege use of chemical weapon in Syria
Progress report in palestinian prisoner hunger strike talk
Prosecutor Jim Hardin call the decision a victory for Kathleen Peterson 's family .
Punjab Mail derail near Rohtak , 19 injure
Punjab Mail derail near Rohtak in Haryana , 19 injure
Purge of Kim uncle send chilling message to North Korea ’s elite
Purge send chilling message to North Korea 's elite
Pussy Riot verdict greet with defiance
Putin ' win ' Russia 's presidential election
Putin ' win russian Presidential Election '
Putin , Annan meet on Syria crisis
Putin cast ballot as Russians vote
Putin claim victory in Russia 's presidential election
Putin claim victory in presidential vote
Putin declare victory in russian Presidential Vote
Putin sign Crimea annexe treaty
Putin speak on Ukraine , protester rebuild barricade
Putin spokesman : doping charge appear unfounded
Putin swear in as Russia 's president for 6 year
Putin swear in as russian growth falter
Putin swear in as russian president
Putin to win Russia 's presidential election
Putin win dispute russian presidential election
Qaida leader call for kidnap of Westerners in Egypt
Qatar 's emir hand power to his son
Queen Elizabeth II visit barrack of UK soldier slay last week
Quiz crossword - Saturday 27th April
RF FM urge syrian opposition to assist in immediate release of all foreigner capture in Syria
RI condemn use of chemical weapon in Syria
Radical Islamists in Mali enlist new militia
Rafa Nadal to miss Australian Open
Raid on Boston Marathon bombing suspect capture on film
Ramblin ' Rose by Nat King Cole we be all vessel fill with many wonder .
Rambus Inc. ( nasdaq : RMBS - news - people ) shoot up 38 percent , make it the big percentage gainer on the Nasdaq .
Ratliff say he hope to bring the two measure to the full Senate by Friday .
Ray Brent Marsh , 29 , also face charge of abuse of a body , and theft .
Ray Brent Marsh , 29 , face multiple count of burial service fraud , make false statement , abuse of a dead body and theft .
Red Cross member kidnap in Syria
Red Cross negotiate Syria ceasefire to bring aid
Red Cross say negotiate halt to fight in Syria to take aid
Red Cross worker kill in Pakistan
Red Cross worker release in Ukraine
Red Fox stand by .
Red October stand by .
Red Sox Beat Tigers 5 - 2 to advance to World Series
Red Sox beat Tigers 5 - 2 to advance to World Series
Red Sox beat tiger to reach World Series
Redman have allow two earn run or less in six of his nine start .
Reid cite ' tremendous progress ' in debt ceiling talk
Reopen Madeleine case , police urge
Rep. Peter Deutsch , D - Fla. , criticize the FDA 's effort in Florida .
Rep. of Congo : 236 Dead after Arms Depot blast
Republicans have pledge to complete a Medicare drug package by August , then extend it to Oct. 17 .
Republicans have pledge to complete a Medicare drug package by August , then extend the deadline to Oct. 17 , and they be still work on it .
Rice ( 57 - 12 ) and Stanford ( 51 - 17 ) will meet in a winner - take - all matchup at 6:05 p.m. Monday .
Richard Grasso quit as chairman last week after lose the support of his board amid public furor over his $ 140 million pay package .
Richard Miller , 57 , survive a lifesaving liver transplant but remain hospitalize .
Richard Miller remain hospitalize after undergo a liver transplant , but his wife have recover .
Rick Santorum notch a victory in Kansas caucus
Rick Santorum win Kansas caucus
Ricky Clemons ' brief , troubled Missouri basketball career be over .
Ridge say no real explosive or harmful device will be use in the exercise .
Ridge say that no actual explosive or other harmful substance will be use .
Rimsha Masih release on bail
Rio airport worker strike on eve of FIFA World Cup
Rio de Janeiro airport worker strike on eve of World Cup
Rock Bands ' Plane make emergency Landing in Ill.
Rodney King death rule accidental
Rogers , Videotron extend reach with network - sharing deal
Rogers , Videotron reach network - sharing , spectrum deal
Rolfe say Linksys overtake Cisco Systems last year as the lead supplier of wlan equipment .
Romney , Obama fight for edge on Medicare
Romney , Paul vie for Maine caucus win
Romney , in comeback , have narrow Maine caucus win
Romney choose Ryan as GOP running mate
Romney concede election to Obama in phone call
Romney eye US republican primary endgame
Romney have narrow Maine caucus win
Romney lead Santorum in GOP Super Tuesday contest
Romney name Ryan as run mate
Romney pick Ryan as vice presidential running mate : source
Romney promise to ' restore America '
Romney take lead over Obama with convention " bounce " : Reuters / Ipsos poll
Romney vow to restore ' promise of America '
Romney will not volunteer budget difference
Romney win Florida republican primary
Romney win Illinois primary
Romney win Maine Republican caucus
Romney win Maryland republican primary
Romney win big in Puerto Rico primary
Ronaldo hat - trick fire Portugal to World Cup
Rosenthal decline comment on the Garrett situation Tuesday but say in a statement : " we have a big contract negotiation .
Ross Garber , Rowland 's lawyer , say Tuesday he would attend the meeting and would ask to speak on the issue .
Ross Garber , Rowland 's legal counsel , say the governor would have no comment on the condo deal .
Royal Hoax dj take action against Station
Rudd swear in as Australia 's new Prime Minister
Rudd swear in as new australian pm
Ruffner , 45 , do not have a lawyer on the murder charge , authority say .
Ruffner , 45 , do not yet have an attorney in the murder charge , authority say .
Rupert Murdoch : I be the victim of a cover up
Rupert Murdoch set for second day of grilling
Rusch have also allow five or more earn run in each of his last three start .
Russ Britt be the Los Angeles Bureau Chief for CBS.MarketWatch.com .
Russia ' alone ' in blame syrian rebel for chemical attack : US
Russia 's Putin claim authority to invade Ukraine
Russia , China concerned about israeli Airstrikes in Syria
Russia , China in double veto of UN Syria resolution
Russia , China veto UN resolution on Syria killing
Russia , Syria Work on ' Concrete ' Chemical Weapons Plan
Russia , Ukraine foil plot to kill Putin , report say
Russia Preparing Counterproposals over Ukraine
Russia ask UN to consider its inquiry of Syria chemical arm use
Russia claim to have foil possible terror act
Russia condemn north korean nuclear test
Russia convict dead lawyer Magnitsky in posthumous trial
Russia deliver humanitarian aid to syrian refugee in Lebanon
Russia destroy over 75 % of its Chemical Weapons Stockpile
Russia evacuate embassy in Libya after attack
Russia find dead lawyer Magnitsky guilty in posthumous trial
Russia give initial approval to adoption ban
Russia give initial ok to american adoption ban
Russia have no intention to incorporate southeastern Ukraine : FM
Russia invite syrian opposition for talk
Russia jail Pussy Riot protest punk for two year
Russia release Greenpeace doctor
Russia respond to Ukraine ceasefire
Russia say ballistic ' object ' fire in Mediterranean
Russia say ballistic missile fire in Mediterranean
Russia tell Syria chemical arm threat be unacceptable
Russia unveil $ 25bn oil link to Pacific
Russia unveil $ 30 billion oil link to Pacific
Russia warn against set precondition for Syria
Russia warn it may not Sign Landmark UN Arms Treaty
Russia warn it will ' respond ' if interest in Ukraine attack
Russia warn it will respond if interest attack in Ukraine
Russians in Damascus !
Russians leave Syria cross into Lebanon
Russians rally against Putin 's rule
Russians rally support for Orthodox church over Pussy Riot controversy
Russin do not comment ; his lawyer do not attend the hearing and do not return phone message .
Ryan Harvey , a high school outfielder from Florida , be choose sixth by the Cubs .
Ryan Harvey , an outfielder from Dunedin High School in Florida , be select with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs .
Ryanair in new bid for Aer Lingus
Ryanair report record profit but warn growth likely to slow this year
S Korea bus station fire kill seven
S Korea mps to visit Kaesong complex
S Korea opposition candidate close poll gap
S as you wish : do you see Hitler kill Jews ?
S. Africa 's former president Mandela discharge from hospital
S. Korea demand talk with N. Korea on closed factory
S. Sudan accuse Sudan of bomb in blow to talk
S. korean president ' sorry ' for ferry disaster
S.Korea propose ' final ' N.Korea talk over Kaesong
SARS go on to claim the life of 44 people in the Toronto area , include two nurse and a doctor .
SARS have kill 296 people on China 's mainland and infect more than 5,200 .
SC dismiss govt 's review petition on Vodafone tax verdict
SC dismiss govt 's review plea in Vodafone tax case
SCO change its name to Tarantella , and caldera later change its name to the SCO Group .
SEC Chairman William Donaldson say there be a " build confidence out there that the cop be on the beat . "
SUBJECTIVE DVORAK intensity estimate from TAFB and SAB increase to   KT .
Sachin Tendulkar be swear in as indian senator
Sachin Tendulkar say I be not God , I be sachin
Sachin Tendulkar score cricket 's first 100th century
Salafi Islamists , police clash in Tunis - witness
Salvador Dali painting snatch from New York gallery
Salvador Dali painting snatch in NYC
Sammy Sosa be suspend for eight game by major league baseball Friday for use a cork bat , and he immediately appeal the decision .
Samudra , 32 , be suspect of be a key figure in the al - Qaida - link terror group Jemaah Islamiyah , which have be blame for carry out the bombing .
Samudra not present in Bangkok , the indictment say , but attend a series of meeting before the attack , recruit fellow bomber and coordinate the operation .
San Fermin bull - run festival start
Sandusky find guilty in child sex abuse trial
Sandy Mitchell , 44 , from Kirkintilloch , Glasgow , and William Sampson , a british citizen bear in Glasgow , face behead in public .
Santorum 's 3 - year - old daughter hospitalize
Santorum romp to Minnesota victory
Santorum win Kansas caucus
Sarkozy announce re - election bid
Sarkozy to File Complaint in Gadhafi Funding Claim
Sarkozy to sue after Gaddafi cash claim burst into campaign
Satan represent indulgence instead of abstinence !
Saturday , official in California describe Gehring as cooperative — but say he have reveal nothing about what have happen to the child .
Saudi - bear Nigerian charge with terrorism in New York
Saudi - lead airstrike hit yemeni capital
Saudi Arabia arrest suspect militant , state medium report
Saudi Arabia arrest suspect militant with al - Qaeda link
Saudi Arabia to grant lebanese army $ 3 billion
Saudi Urges U.N. Action against Israel Strikes on Syria
Schroeder cancel his italian holiday after Stefani refuse to apologise for the slur , which come after Berlusconi compare a german politician to a Nazi concentration camp guard .
Schumacher in a coma after ski accident
Schwarzenegger pick up more independent and crossover voter than Bustamante .
Scribner 's body be find float in the city 's Portage Bay , where he live with his wife in a houseboat .
Scuba diver submerge in water .
Seamus Heaney , Irish Poet of Soil and Strife , die at 74
Seamus Heaney , irish poet and Nobel winner , die at 74
Secret Service see its ' big scandal ' over prostitute
Secret Service sex scandal ' regret '
Select image from Bangladesh building collapse
Selenski have previously spend seven year in prison on a bank robbery conviction .
Selenski have serve about seven year in prison for bank robbery .
Senate , House on collision course on border money
Senate Judiciary Committee near final big decision in shape immigration bill
Senate approve Obama nominee to key appeal court
Senate confirm Janet Yellen as next Federal Reserve Chair
Senate confirm Obama nominee to key appeal court
Senate confirm Yellen as Fed head
Senate leader appear close to US debt ceiling deal
Senate to vote on move ahead on Hagel nod
Senator Reid involve in Las Vegas car crash : CNN
Sendmail say the system can even be set up to permit business - only usage .
Senior Pakistani Taliban commander capture in Afghanistan
Sens . John Kerry and Bob Graham decline invitation to speak .
Sevens World Cup within kenya‚äôs reach
Shanghai Free Trade Zone begin operation
Shankill blast victim to be remember
Shelia Chaney Wilson seem agitated when she come to help prepare for Turner Monumental A.M.E. Church 's upcoming 104th anniversary celebration , worshipper say .
Shelley 's office release signature count late Friday and say county have report count 575,926 signature so far .
Shelley 's office report Friday that 575,926 signature have be report to he .
Sheryl Crow have a Benign Brain Tumor
Sheryl Crow say have benign brain tumor
Shevaun Pennington disappear on Saturday morning after arrange to meet 31 - year - old Toby Studabaker .
Shiites make up 20 percent of the country 's population .
Shinseki 's career include combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping effort in Bosnia .
Shinseki retire Wednesday after a 38 - year career that include combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping effort in Bosnia .
Ships Train for syrian Chemical Weapons Transport
Shooting , protest mar Thai voting
Shortness be find twice as often in those with hear loss .
Sienna Miller attack press for ‚ Äėtitillating‚Äô report at hack trial
Sienna Miller testify at UK phone hacking trial
Sierra Leone Reaches Final Day of Ebola Lockdown
Sierra Leone in Ebola lockdown
Silvio Berlusconi expel from Italy 's parliament
Silvio Berlusconi expel from parliament
Sinai car bomb kill at least 10 egyptian soldier
Singapore share open 0.06 % low on Tuesday
Singapore share open 0.19 % high on Thursday
Singapore share open 0.28 % low on Thursday
Singapore share open 0.31 % high on Monday
Singapore share open 0.83 % high on Wednesday
Singapore share open higher on Thursday
Singapore share open lower on Friday
Singapore share open lower on Monday
Singapore stock close 0.31 pct low
Singapore stock close 0.4 % high
Singapore stock close 0.41 pct high
Singapore stock close 0.44 pct low
Singapore stock close 0.5 pct high
Singapore stock end up 0.11 pct
Singapore stock end up 0.26 percent
Singapore stock end up 0.37 pct
Sir Richard be speak after a meeting in London with australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey .
Sky News Cameraman kill in Egypt
Smith say simply " oh , my God , " in the second afterward , accord to Weinshall .
Smugglers in a van chase down a pickup and suv carry other smuggler and illegal immigrant , say Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool .
Snowden ' give refugee document by Ecuador '
Snowden 's father arrive in Moscow
Snowden 's hit hurdle in search for asylum
Snowden Hits Hurdles in Search for Asylum
Snowden ask to stay in Russia
Snowden poise to fly out of Moscow
Snowden see " no chance " to get fair trial in U.S.
Snowden see ' no chance ' for US fair trial
Snowden thank Russia for asylum
Snowden thank Russia for grant asylum
Sobig . f spread when unsuspecting computer user open file attachment in email that contain such familiar heading as " thank you ! , " " re : detail " or " re : that Movie . "
Soccer - France to host Australia for first time in October
Soccer Ref Punched by Player die
Somalia 's Shebab claim responsibility for Nairobi mall attack
Somalia lawmaker to vote for new president
Someoen be cooking onion .
Someoen be peel a potato .
Someoen be play guitar .
Son of US evangelist kill himself the son of popular US evangelist Rick Warren have kill himself .
Son of chinese army singer get 10 year ' jail for gang rape
Son of popular US evangelist Warren kill himself
Son of top Muslim Brotherhood leader kill
Sony Xperia Z2 and nokia‚äôs X series unveil
Sony forecast record annual loss of $ 6.4bn
Sony report record annual loss
Sony say the PSP would also feature a 4.5 - inch lcd screen , Memory Stick expansion slot .
Sony to axe PC unit in major business overhaul
Sony to sell pc unit and cut job
Sorkin , who face charge of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lie to a grand jury , be to have be try separately .
Sorkin be to have be try separately on charge of conspiracy and lie to a grand jury .
South Africa 's Mandela take to hospital
South Africa 's Nelson Mandela hospitalize
South Africa 's former PM Nelson Mandela back in hospital
South Africa 's rugby fraternity mourn Mandela
South Africa : Mandela remain in hospital
South Africa admit Mistake over ' schizophrenic ' Mandela Signer
South Africa admit possible ' mistake ' over deaf signer at Mandela memorial
South Africa have the world 's high caseload with 4.7 million people infect with HIV or AIDS .
South Africa hold state funeral for Mandela
South Africa host ' peace talk ' in mine standoff
South Africa mine clash kill at least 30
South Africa police say they kill 30 + miner
South Africa police shoot dead 30 miner
South Africa pray for Nelson Mandela
South Africa president : Mandela be improve
South Africa start investigate mine violence
South Africa train crash kill 26
South Africa unite in prayer and song for Nelson Mandela
South Africans Mourn as Mandela bury
South Africans mark ail Mandela 's 95th birthday
South Africans mourn , celebrate Mandela
South Asia follow , with 1.1 million youth infect — 62 percent of they female .
South Korea Ferry Crew member Stand Trial
South Korea Orders Immediate Shutdown of 2 Nuclear reactor
South Korea confirm that North Korea have conduct controversial third nuclear test
South Korea ferry captain arrest
South Korea regret North 's refusal of talk
South Korea report 14th Mers death , 12 new case
South Korea report seven new mer case
South Korea say North Fired missile
South Korea to boost nuclear power ?
South Sudan accuse Sudan of bombing ahead of talk
Southwest China quake kill at least 50
Sovereign 's share lose 74 cent , or 4.5 % , to $ 15.68 .
SpaceX Dragon Docks with International Space Station
SpaceX dock with International Space Station : up next , public travel ?
Spain 's jobless claim hit new high
Spain Princess Testifies in Historic Fraud Probe
Spain approve new restrictive abortion law
Spain ask for bank rescue
Spain jobless rate hit new high
Spain princess testifie in historic fraud probe
Spain turn back the clock on siesta
Spaniard on trial for cuban dissident ’s death
Spansion Flash memory solution be available worldwide from AMD and Fujitsu .
Spokesman James Howe say five child age between 4 and 17 be take to hospital with neck and chest injury , while three other be treat at the scene .
Sri Lanka 's Tamils Vote for Greater Autonomy
Sri Lanka seek one - day revival against Pakistan
St. Bernard dog run in the snowy field .
St. Paul Chairman and Chief Executive Jay S. Fishman , 51 , will be ceo of the combine company .
Standard & Poor 's 500 index rise 15.66 to 1,046.79 , its good advance since Oct. 1 , when it gain 22.25 .
Standard & Poor 's 500 stock index future decline 4.40 point to 983.50 , while Nasdaq future fall 6.5 point to 1,206.50 .
Standard & Poor 's 500 stock index future for June be down 2.60 point at 965.70 , while Nasdaq future be down 7.50 point at 1,183.50 .
Stanford ( 46 - 15 ) play South Carolina ( 44 - 20 ) on Friday in the opening game of the double - elimination tournament .
Stanford ( 46 - 15 ) play South Carolina ( 44 - 20 ) today in a first - round game at Rosenblatt Stadium in Omaha , Neb.
Stanford ( 51 - 17 ) and Rice ( 57 - 12 ) will play for the national championship tonight .
State Dept security chief resign after Benghazi
State Education Commissioner Kent King say Wednesday that the score on the Missouri Assessment Program test disappoint he .
Stefani 's remark far stoke tension after italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi last week compare a german member of the European Parliament to a Nazi concentration camp guard .
Steve Squyres , a Cornell University scientist , be principal investigator for the mission ' science instrument .
Stolen skull find in home museum
Stony Brook University launch the study in 1996 , after early study indicate a possible connection between electromagnetic field and cancer .
Strauss - Kahn charge in prostitution vice ring
Strauss - Kahn investigate in french prostitution ring
Strayhorn say it be the first time in Texas history a comptroller have not certify the appropriation act .
Strong Italy Quake Kills at least six
Stuart Hall admit Sex Assaults on Children
Suarez set for Cup comeback
Sudan Blocks YouTube Over Anti - islam Film
Sudan accuse Israel of airstrike on arm factory
Sudan blame Israel for Khartoum arm fire
Sudan free christian woman sentence to death for apostasy
Suicide Bomber Kills 11 in Afghanistan
Suicide Bomber Kills 14 at Afghan Province Council
Suicide Bombers kill 3 Soldiers in Pakistan
Suicide Bombs hit Egypt Military in Sinai , Kill 6
Sunnis make up 77 percent of Pakistan 's population , Shiites 20 percent .
Super Typhoon Haiyan , Strongest of Season , Slams the Philippines
Supreme Court possibility if Romney win election
Supreme Court take on affirmative action in Michigan ban case
Supreme Court to hear Michigan affirmative action case
Susan G Komen in u - turn over Planned Parenthood funding cut
Suspected Boko Haram attack kill dozen in Nigeria
Suspected Boko Haram suicide bomber in Nigeria kill 24
Suspected U.S. drone strike kill 5 in Pakistan
Suspected US drone kill 3 militant in Pakistan
Suspected al - Qaeda financier arrest in France
Suu Kyi urge party unity amid squabble
Swartz , indict in February , have argue that New Hampshire be the wrong place to charge he .
Swartz have seek to have the charge dismiss , say New Hampshire be the wrong place to charge he .
Sweeney be to outline plan for the campaign in a speech on Saturday night at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association .
Sylvester Stallone 's son find dead in Hollywood
Syria ' to declare chemical weapon and sign convention '
Syria 's Assad vow to comply with U.N. resolution
Syria 's Muslim Brotherhood face uphill battle
Syria 's besiege Baba Amr be desert , Red Cross say
Syria 's pm escape assassination try , regime say
Syria 's tenuous truce take hold
Syria , opposition agree ' in principle ' to attend peace conference
Syria : Cameron and Obama move west close to intervention
Syria Loads Chemical Weapons into bomb , await Assad Order
Syria Regime agree to attend Peace Conference
Syria blame rebel for Houla massacre of over 100
Syria car bomb kill at least 12 in rebel - hold town
Syria condemn israeli air strike .
Syria demand guarantee , rebel say peace plan doom
Syria demand write guarantee for troop pullback
Syria deny report of deadly Damascus nerve gas attack
Syria envoy call for National Unity Government
Syria envoy call for political change to end conflict
Syria envoy say no peace talk without opposition
Syria force launch aleppo attack
Syria gunman kill three syrian officer : NGO
Syria journalist rescue bid fail
Syria launch ground assault in Aleppo
Syria military police chief defect to opposition
Syria military police chief defect to rebel
Syria missile kill 26 , include 8 kid
Syria must destroy chemical weapon
Syria opposition agree to talk
Syria opposition press to attend talk
Syria opposition threaten to quit talk
Syria opposition unite as Israel fire warn shot
Syria peace dash as deadline pass
Syria peace plan condition " unacceptable , " opposition say
Syria rebel : we kill Hezbollah man in Lebanon
Syria rebel attack lebanese post near border : army
Syria rebel leave besiege hom
Syria regime release hundred of prisoner
Syria say suicide bomber kill 10 in Damascus
Syria say troop have begin pullout – video
Syria talk agree military aid to rebel
Syria talk for Cameron and Putin
Syria tell Russia some troop have pull out of Homs
Syria urge refugee to return
Syria welcome Iran 's nuclear deal
Syria ’s chemical weapon could end up at sea
Syrian Arab Republic ( the ): More than 70 kill in Syria ahead of Annan return
Syrian Arab Republic ( the ): Syrian Arab Republic : syrian Refugees ( as of 28 June 2012 )
Syrian Opposition Council to establish Envoy in France
Syrians Protest against Erdogan in Paris , Venezuelans Stress Support to Syria
Syrians hold solution to Syria crisis
TNK - BP have six oil produce unit , five refinery and 2,100 filling station .
TROPICAL cyclone formation be not expect .
TVT Records seek $ 360 million in punitive damage and $ 30 million in compensatory damage , official say .
Taiwan 's president charter plane to pay respect to Lee
Taiwan coast guard launch new ship as South China Sea tension rise
Taiwan gang leader nab at airport after 17 year
Taiwan rattle by strong earthquake
Taiwan report 65 new case on May 22 , a one - day record , and 55 new case on May 23 , make its epidemic the world 's fast - grow .
Talabani tell he iraqi leader would " need U.N. assistance and advice in implement the new decision which have be take " on organise an interim iraqi government by June .
Talabani tell he the Governing Council would " need UN assistance and advice in implement the new decision which have be take . "
Taliban attack kill 17 civilian in Afghanistan
Taliban bomb US base in Afghanistan
Taliban commander kill in US drone strike
Taliban deny involvement in Boston marathon bombing
Taliban kill 15 police in west Afghanistan
Taliban on agenda for US in Pakistan
Taliban pose as ' attractive woman , on Facebook for spy
Taliban prison break : 250 militant escape after attack on Pakistan jail
Tamil party blame the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) for these killing .
Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella , bench coach John McLaren and Huff all be eject in the middle of the ninth .
Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella , bench coach John McLaren and right fielder Aubrey Huff be eject for argue after Huff be call out on strike to end the ninth .
Tata Nano and other indian small car fail crash test
Tatar be be hold without bail in Armstrong County Prison today .
Team Anna yet to decide on contest state poll
Teenage Tibetan monk die after set himself on fire in China
Teenager and father kill in crash
Teenager in China kill 8 , wound 5 in knife attack
Teenager kill 8 in knife attack
Tehelka editor embroil in sex assault scam
Tehelka editor step down after allegation of sexual misconduct
Tehran have make clear it will only sign the Additional Protocol introduce such inspection if a ban on the import of civilian western nuclear technology be lift .
Tehran have make it clear it will only sign the protocol if a ban on import of peaceful western nuclear technology be lift .
Telangana : Jagan to spend Thursday in hospital ; blackout continue in Seemandhra
Telemarketing Associates , hire by VietNow , raise $ 7.1 million from 1987 to 1995 .
Tentative Deal reach to resume israeli - Palestinian Talks - US
Terri Schiavo , 39 , be expect to die sometime in the next two week in the Tampa - area hospice where she have spend the past several year .
Terri Schiavo , 39 , undergo the procedure at the Tampa Bay area hospice where she have be live for several year , say her father , Bob Schindler .
Texans coach Gary Kubiak in stable condition after collapse
Texans saddle with skyrocket homeowner premium might finally be get relief .
Texas , which have more than three time Michigan 's inmate population , be treat 328 of its 16,298 infect inmate .
Texas Instruments climb $ 1.37 to $ 19.25 yesterday and Novellus Systems Inc. advance $ 1.76 to $ 36.31 .
Texas Instruments climb $ us1.37 to $ US19.25 and Novellus Systems advance $ us1.76 to $ US36.31 , each have be raise to " overweight " by Lehman .
Texas hospital worker test positive for Ebola
Texas house provisionally approve abortion law
Texas lawmaker must close a $ 185.9 million budget gap by the middle of July or the school will not open in September , Comptroller Carole Keeton Strayhorn say Thursday .
Texas man find his car 42 year after it be steal
Texas sue over syrian refugee
Thailand 's army declare martial law , deny coup
Thirty - Seven Dead in Italy Tour Bus Plunge
Thomas Cook accuse of put cost before customer
Thomas be join in full by Rehnquist , and in part by O'Connor and Scalia .
Time magazine name the american soldier its Person of the Year for 2003 .
Tisha Kresler , a spokeswoman for Global Crossing , decline to comment .
Tokyo share close 0.88pc lower
Tokyo share open high follow strong U.S. performance
Tokyo share open high trace U.S. gain
Tokyo share open higher on buoyant U.S. market
Tokyo share open higher over buoyant U.S. market
Tokyo stock close 0.75pc down
Tokyo stock close down 0.26pc
Tokyo stock close down 1.53 %
Tokyo stock close up 0.13pc
Tokyo stock open down 0.24 %
Tokyo stock open low
Tokyo stock open up 0.52 %
Tokyo to host 2020 Olympic Games
Tokyo win race to host 2020 olympic
Toll , Australia 's second - large transport company , last week offer NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail .
Tom Kraynak , manager of operation and resource for the Canton , Ohio - base East Central Area Reliability Council , say investigator be consider the scenario .
Tom Kraynak , manager of operation and resource for the Canton , Ohio - base East Central Area Reliability Council , say that scenario be one among many that investigator be consider .
Tony Abbott Sworn in as Australia pm
Tony Abbott swear in as new australian pm
Top Diplomats Meet in Munich at Critical Time
Topless woman Protest against Berlusconi as he vote in Election
Toronto yesterday have 64 probable case of SARS and nine suspect case .
Tottenham v Manchester City ‚ Äď live !
Tour De France Pack set off for stage 15
Trainer run her dog through training course with green pipe
Transcript reveal confusion over Ferry Evacuation
Transcript reveal confusion over evacuation of south korean ferry
Trayvon Martin could have be ...
Trish York , a spokeswoman for Boeing , decline to comment on the deal .
Tropical Storm Andrea to slide up East Coast
Tropical Storm Andrea zip up the East Coast
Tropical Storm Isaac boost jobless claim
Tropical Storm Isaac drench Haiti , swipe Cuba
Tropical Storm Isaac threaten dam
Tropical Storm Joyce form , stay in open Atlantic
Tropical Storm Karen poise to make landfall
Tropical Storm Karen target US Gulf Coast
Tropical Storm Karen weaken as it near U.S. Gulf Coast
Tsunami warn : no need for SA to panic
Tsunami warn after Aceh quake
Tsunami warn after Canada quake
Tsunami warning issue for southern Alaska
Tunisia lift curfew after riot
Tunisia opposition leader slain ; protest erupt
Turkey ' exploit ' syrian refugee
Turkey 's Erdogan in Iran to mend tie after split over Syria
Turkey , US weigh no - fly zone for Syria
Turkey president appeal for calm
Turkey raise Alarm over syrian refugee
Turkey scramble jet near border
Turkey scramble jet to syrian border
Turkey seek to relocate some syrian refugee
Turkey unrest : union call for strike over police crackdown
Turkey unrest go on despite end to park protest
Twin bombing in Pakistan kill at least 40
Typhoon Bopha kill 15 in S. Philippines
Typhoon Fitow make landfall in east China
Typhoon Fitow slam into southeastern China
Typhoon Haiyan : world send relief to batter philippine
U.N. Security Council call for Unconditional Cease - Fire in Gaza
U.N. Security Council call for humanitarian ceasefire in Gaza
U.N. concern at possible Syria chemical weapon
U.N. condemn ethnic killing in South Sudan oil town
U.N. observer patrol arrive at Syria massacre site
U.N. right chief press Egypt on mursi detention
U.N. to take up Syria resolution
U.S factory order down 0.7 pct in January
U.S. , EU Boost sanction on Russia
U.S. , EU Cautiously Welcome Iran 's Proposal to restart Nuclear Talks
U.S. , EU Widen Sanctions on Russia
U.S. , EU welcome Iran 's offer to restart nuclear talk
U.S. , Friends of Syria recognise opposition as sole representative
U.S. , ally to add sanction against Russia over Ukraine
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman kick off the three - day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology on Monday .
U.S. Capitol Police evacuate the Capitol yesterday after a sensor detect a possible biohazard in the Senate wing , but authority later say it be a false alarm .
U.S. District Judge William Barbour say he impose the maximum because avant show no remorse .
U.S. Drone Kills Five Militants in Pakistan
U.S. Drone Strike Kills 3 in Pakistan
U.S. Military Deaths in Afghanistan
U.S. Navy Jet crash into Virginia Apartment building
U.S. Senate set off gun control debate
U.S. Senate set to vote on gun control bill
U.S. Special Forces troop be train colombian soldier at military basis in the region to protect the pipeline .
U.S. Supreme Court issue split ruling on Arizona immigration law
U.S. and Russia reach a deal on Syria 's chemical weapon
U.S. and Turkey Tighten Coordination on Syria
U.S. and Turkey weigh no - fly zone for Syria
U.S. and european leader pledge on Wednesday to work together to keep Iran from develop nuclear weapon , present a united front after month of bitter acrimony over Iraq .
U.S. ban carry - on liquid , gel on flight to Russia
U.S. close embassy in Damascus due to Syria violence
U.S. concern grow about Syria 's chemical weapon
U.S. corporate bond yield spread tighten in spotty trading on Friday as Wall Street labor to get back on its foot after the large power outage ever in North America .
U.S. drone kill 4 militant in Pakistan
U.S. drone mistakenly kill 14 in Yemen wedding convoy
U.S. drone strike kill 10 in northwest Pakistan
U.S. drone strike kill 10 in northwest Pakistan : official
U.S. drone strike kill 16 suspect militant in Yemen
U.S. drone strike kill 5 in Pakistan
U.S. expel venezuelan diplomat
U.S. have determine Syria use chemical weapon
U.S. have not conclude Syria use chemical weapon -white House
U.S. judge approve force - feed californian inmate on hunger strik
U.S. military say it conduct airstrike against IS in Syria , Iraq
U.S. official do not say whether american force , who be act on intelligence , cross into syrian territory and be vague about how the syrian guard be involve .
U.S. order non - essential staff to leave Sudan , Tunisia
U.S. prosecutor have arrest more than 130 individual and have seize more than $ 17 million in a continue crackdown on internet fraud and abuse .
U.S. recognize syrian opposition
U.S. relax deportation rule for young people : Napolitano
U.S. resume search for miss british sailor after public
U.S. retailer agree to Bangladesh plant safety pact
U.S. say sadden by shoot on afghan civilian
U.S. see no conclusive Evidence of Chemical Arms Use by Syria
U.S. soldier kill in shoot incident in S. Afghanistan
U.S. stock fall in early morning trade on Wednesday as a wave of profit warning drain some of the optimism that have drive a rally over the past three month .
U.S. stock rise slightly on feather - light volume on Friday , as Wall Street regroup after the big - ever power outage in North America .
U.S. trade agency rule for Samsung , ban iPhone 4 import
U.S. transfer Bagram prison to afghan control
UK ' concern ' over Hong Kong protest
UK 's Prince Philip hospitalize
UK : 300 potential Savile abuse victim emerge
UK : Iran nuclear talk at a serious point
UK Airline Cancels ' Flytilla ' ticket on Israel objection
UK Leader Signals Support for Airstrikes on be in Syria
UK Sky News cameraman kill in Egypt
UK confirm fear over Syria 's chemical weapon
UK police say no terrorism link to helicopter crash
UK say investigate 2 suspect mer case
UK vote reject military action
UN : Iran invite to attend syrian Peace Conference
UN : US drone strike violate Pakistan 's sovereignty
UN Adopts syrian Chemical Weapons Resolution
UN Assembly to vote on Syria Resolution
UN Chief : inspector need 4 day to conclude probe in Syria
UN Chief find his Voice , remain cautious on China
UN Condemns Ethnic Killings in South Sudan
UN Invites Iran to Syrian Peace Conference
UN Rights Chief Presses Egypt on Morsi Detention
UN Security Council hear Yemen envoy 's final ...
UN Security Council slam deadly terrorist attack in kenyan capital
UN Security Council to vote on up to 300 Syria monitor
UN Security Council unanimous vote on Syria
UN Security Council urge Yemen 's Houthis to end ...
UN War Crimes Court convict six Bosnians croat
UN aid chief Amos enter Baba Amr with Red Crescent
UN chief condemn attack against peacekeeper in Mali
UN chief press for major boost in syrian aid
UN chief welcome peaceful presidential election in Guinea
UN close in on landmark arm treaty
UN confirm sarin use in Syria attack
UN court convict 6 bosnian Croats of atrocity
UN envoy in Turkey for talk on Syria
UN inspector hail progress over Syria chemical weapon
UN monitor shoot at on way to syrian massacre site
UN monitor unable to reach site of Syria killing
UN monitor yet to reach site of syrian ' massacre ' – video
UN observer find trace of syrian massacre
UN observer reach Syria massacre village
UN order global sanction against Haqqani network
UN press need for major boost in syrian aid
UN report say both side in Syria abuse right
UN resolution order Syria chemical arm destroy
UN say US drone violate Pakistan 's sovereignty
UN security council order global sanction against Haqqani network in Afghanistan
UN team investigate syrian massacre
UN urge Syria gas attack inspection
UN voice alarm over israeli strike on Syria
UN vote to eliminate Syria 's chemical weapon
UN warn of plight of woman , child in Syria 's hom
US , NATO Raise Doubts Russia pull back from Ukraine Border
US , Russia agree on seizure of Syria chemical weapon
US , UK Set to agree Emergency Oil Stocks Release
US , UK in pact to release emergency oil stock
US , UN up pressure on Israel over Gaza
US , afghan govt to hold peace talk with Taliban
US , ally to set demand for Iran nuclear talk
US , canadian imam issue fatwa against honour killing
US - Russia reach agreement on Syria
US - Russia reach agreement on Syria weapon
US : Assad use chemical weapon on Syria rebel
US : Israel to delay palestinian prisoner release
US : Russia mass troop on Ukraine Border
US : madoff brother to plead guilty in NY in fraud
US Afghanistan general link to Petraeus scandal
US Air Force helicopter crew kill in british crash
US Attorney General Holder resign
US Attorney general Eric Holder to resign
US Capitol Hill on lockdown after shot fire
US Coast Guard suspend search for miss british sailor
US Election : Mitt Romney concede defeat as Barack Obama win second term
US Flying Surveillance Missions to help find kidnapped nigerian girl
US Government Shutdown : Obama tell Republicans to lift threat to US economy if they want talk
US Hands Over Bagram Prison to Afghan Authorities
US House Republicans elect Paul Ryan as speaker
US House Republicans eye reluctant Ryan for speaker
US House back new sanction before Iran inauguration
US Marines kill in base attack
US Military Deaths in Afghanistan at 2,153
US Navy Jet crash into Apartment Block
US Pledge to rebuild Haiti not be meet
US Secretary of State John Kerry‚Äôs wife rush to hospital
US Senate approve fiscal cliff deal
US Senate confirm Janet Yellen as New Central Bank Chief
US Senate confirm Janet Yellen as US Federal Reserve chief
US Senate confirm Yellen as Fed 's next chair
US Senate have Rare Sunday Session day amid Fiscal Impasse
US Senate to meet as path out of fiscal impasse still elusive
US Senate to vote on fiscal cliff deal as deadline near
US Senator Ted Cruz to announce presidential bid
US Special Forces troop be train colombian soldier at military basis in the region to protect the pipeline , which transport crude from Colombia 's second - big oil field .
US State Department fault over Benghazi
US Troops kill in Afghan Insider Attack
US ally get help to repel iranian computer attack
US astronaut Neil Armstrong dead at 82
US astronaut Neil Armstrong die
US ban carry - on liquid on direct flight to Russia
US believe Syria have probably use chemical weapon
US believe syrian government use chemical weapon
US can not ' Conclusively Determine ' Chemical Weapons Use in Syria
US close embassy in Syria ( AP )
US delay missile test as tension rise
US designate Haqqani network as terrorist
US drone in Pakistan kill 10 suspect militant
US drone kill six militant in Pakistan : official
US drone kill two in eastern Afghanistan
US drone strike kill 5 militant in Pakistan
US drone strike kill at least ten in Pakistan
US drone strike kill four in North Waziristan
US drone strike kill seven in North Waziristan
US drone strike kill six in Pakistan official
US drone strike kill three in northwest Pakistan
US gov't officially designate Haqqani network as terrorist
US government shutdown begin - live update
US help get arm to Syria rebel
US lawmaker take next step on new Iran sanction
US make case for action against Syria
US man recover car 42 year after theft
US military official say rotor wash from the helicopter might have blow down the banner .
US military presence in East Asia
US missile kill 15 in Pakistan : official
US offer $ 10 million for pakistani militant chief
US offer us$ 10 mil . for Pakistan militant
US official say downward " rotor wash " generate by the hover helicopter strip the flag from the tower .
US order non - essential staff to leave Tunisia , Sudan
US pledge to rebuild Haiti not be meet
US postpone missile test over N Korea tension
US praise Ukraine deal ; call for concrete action
US presidential election 2012
US ramp up response to Ebola crisis
US ready possible solo action against Syria
US release initial report on fracke impact on water
US say Syria may have use sarin gas in chemical weapon
US school ban hug
US seek to reassure wary Gulf ally over Iran deal
US set for Obama inauguration
US soldier ' do not recall massacre '
US soldier accuse of afghan massacre hire prominent criminal lawyer
US soldier accuse of kill afghan civilian identify
US soldier kill up to 16 afghan civilian in shoot spree
US soldier kill up to 16 civilian in Afghanistan
US sprinter Tyson Gay test positive for ban substance
US stock fall as greek talk lumber ; Apple fall
US stock open higher despite GDP miss
US stock retreat on manufacture datum
US stock slip on Wall Street as Greek talk drag on
US stock tumble on third day of shutdown
US surveillance aircraft join hunt for kidnap nigerian girl
US suspect Syria use chemical weapon
US teen hold in Chicago ' jihad ' car bomb plot
US to allow morning - after pill for girl of any age
US to destroy Syria chemical weapon stockpile at sea
US to determine Extent of Chemical Weapons Use by Syria
US toll in Afghanistan hit 2,000
US top diplomat Kerry 's wife rush to hospital
US tourist gang - rape in northern India : Police
US up pressure on Israel as UN demand Gaza truce
US waive rider for Pak aid
US warn Syria on chemical weapon
USA expel Venezuela diplomat in row
USDA confirm Case of mad cow Disease in California
Uganda 's President Museveni agree to sign anti - gay Bill
Uganda 's president sign anti - gay bill
Uganda 's president sign harsh anti - gay law
Ukraine 's Korobka get four - year dope ban
Ukraine 's Yanukovych say he do not plan to resign
Ukraine 's jailed opposition icon Tymoshenko walk free
Ukraine 's opposition chief want more protest
Ukraine 's parliament vote to dismiss president
Ukraine 's top court dismiss Crimea 's independence as " unconstitutional "
Ukraine : nine people die in kyiv clash
Ukraine : three kill in Parliament protest
Ukraine Fears russian Invasion
Ukraine Leader Pledges Crisis Talks
Ukraine President call Talks to end protest
Ukraine host ‚ äėunity talks‚äô
Ukraine leader pledge crisis talk
Ukraine opposition demand Yanukovich resign
Ukraine pressure over Kiev clash
Ukraine protester battle police in new clash
Ukraine protester rebuild barricade
Ukraine protester topple Lenin statue
Ukraine protester topple Lenin statue in Kiev
Ukraine rival sign deal to end crisis
Ukraine will not give ' an inch ' over Crimea
Umm , that pretty clearly state , " the statute be presume constitutional . "
Umm the California be a cargo ship I do not care what the article say .
United already have pay the city $ 34 million in penalty for not meet the first round of employment target .
United have pay $ 34 million in penalty for fail to meet employment target .
University of Florida frat accuse of spit on wounded war veteran
University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman say in a statement on the university 's web site , " our fundamental value have not change .
Updated - two explosion near finish line of Boston Marathon
Ursel Reisen confirm it have be operate the coach , but decline to give detail of the passenger other than to say they be of mixed age .
Ursel Reisen confirm it operate the coach , but give no detail other than to say the passenger be of mixed age .
Usain Bolt win 200 m – Steven Howard reaction
Use of force by aggressor .
Use of force in defense of person.-A
Van der Sloot to Marry in Prison
Vatican Embassy in Syria hit by mortar fire
Venezuela 's Hugo Chavez die of cancer
Venezuela Expels 3 U.S. diplomat
Venezuela assembly meet amid Chavez health crisis
Venezuela expel three U.S. diplomat
Venezuela lawmaker brawl amid election tension
Venezuela lawmaker brawl over election
Venezuela mourn oil refinery blast death
VeriSign introduce its Site Finder service on Sept. 15 .
Veterans health probe confirm cover - up of care delay
Vice President Dick Cheney and Mississippi republican gubernatorial candidate Haley Barbour acknowledge the cheer crowd .
Vice President Dick Cheney say Mississippi Republican Haley Barbour would be a good governor because of his government and business savvy .
Vice President of Bolivia to visit China
Vietnam detect signal from miss plane
Vinnie Jones reveal cancer battle new
Vinnie Jones reveal he have skin cancer
Virginia 's ex - Gov. Bob McDonnell , wife charge with corruption
Vivendi share be 0.3 percent up at 15.62 euro in Paris at 0841 GMT .
Vivendi share close 3.8 percent up in Paris at 15.78 euro .
WA man arrest in police drug raid
WORLD No . 2 Lleyton Hewitt have accuse the Association of Tennis Professionals of malice , include an allege attempt last year to dupe he into refuse a drug test .
Waksal , in a letter to the court , say : " I tear my family apart .
Wal - Mart estimate more than 100 million Americans visit their store every week .
Wal - Mart have tell its top 100 supplier that they will need to have radio - frequency ID system in place for track pallet of good through the supply chain by Jan. 25 , 2005 .
Wal - Mart lower fee for holiday layaway program
Wall Street analyst have expect 22 cent a share , accord to Thomson First Call .
Wall Street end Mixed
Wall Street end slightly low
Wall Street open lower
Warmer , almost certainly a record .
Warren David Campbell , 32 , and climb companion Jonathan Smith , 47 , do not return as expect on Tuesday from climb on Mt D'Archiac in the McKenzie District .
Washington 's act of Congress sell for $ 9.8 m
Washington , however , say more be need to prevent complaint be file in the first place .
Washington : More than 100 be charge in Medicare Fraud Sweep
Washington : court Upholds Voting Rights Act in Alabama Case
Washington Pot Shops Prepare for Historic sale
Washington pot shop prepare for historic sale
Weatherman Fred Talbot hold over ' Sex Abuse '
WebTV be sell to Microsoft in 1997 for $ 425 million and today be call MSN TV .
Wells ' other series include NBC 's " ER " and " Third Watch . "
Wells ’ other series include NBC ’s ER and Third Watch .
West Ham beat Newcastle 2 - 0 in Premier League
West hail Syria opposition vote to join peace talk
Westgate attacker spend four month planning in Nairobi , say official
Whistleblower Edward Snowden fly to Moscow
White House , defense contractor discuss harm of automatic spending cut
White House , defense firm discuss automatic spending cut
White House back gay marriage
White House in damage control over Obama Supreme Court remark
Whitey Bulger get life for racketeering , killing
WikiLeaks Releasing Trove of Syria Documents
WikiLeaks begin publish two million Syria email
William Hague : US decision to halt missile test ' sensible '
Winter Storm Ion : state - by - State ...
Winter Storm Janus : state - by - state ...
World 's old ever man die aged 116
World 's old man die at 116
World 's old person die in Japan at 116
World Briefing | Asia : Myanmar : Deadly Anti - muslim Violence Flares up
World Cup hit by new stadium death
World News Update , what you need to know
X'mas cruise passenger hit by Norovirus
Yacimovich urge cabinet to approve palestinian prisoner release
Yahoo ! to name Google 's Mayer as CEO : report
Yahoo account for 159,354 of the BSD site , with 152,054 from NTT / Verio and 129,378 from Infospace , the survey find .
Yahoo agree to buy Tumblr for $ 1.1 billion cash
Yahoo name Google exec Mayer as ceo
Yee be a 1990 graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point , New York .
Yee grow up in the United States and graduate from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point .
Yemen Suicide Blast , Drone Attack Kill at Least 30
Yemen suicide attack kill 7 soldier : official
Yemen suicide bombing kill soldier
Young face a fine , suspension or be permanently bar from the security industry .
Yvette Cooper back gay marriage bill
Z stalk he down , then shoot he .
Zambia 's ex - President Rupiah Banda arrest
Zambia arrest ex - leader Banda over oil deal
Zen Report : ai not easy be high maintenance
Zimbabwe : ' Grave Concerns ' over election
Zimmerman pull over in Texas for speeding , give warn
Zimmerman reply , " what be you do here ? "
Zimmerman say that he be sucker punch by his car .
Zimmerman stop for speeding in Texas , release with warning
Zuccarini be order hold without bail Wednesday by a federal judge in Fort Lauderdale , Fla.
[ ticker ] fitch upgrade greek credit rating
a   man be dance .
a 32 - count indictment " strike at one of the very top target in the drug trafficking world , " U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez say .
a BMW motorcycle park between two car .
a Caesarean have originally be plan in mid- November , two week early .
a Dalmation run along a beach .
a Global Crossing representative have no immediate comment .
a Guinea pig eat a carrot .
a Macintosh computer sit on the floor .
a New iPad be come
a Royal Duty be base on his experience with Diana , Princess of Wales and letter allegedly to and from she .
a South African Airways plane be fly in a blue sky .
a Tale of Two pass : how the New York Giants won the Super Bowl
a WWII fighter plane with its landing gear down .
a Woman be eat .
a american flag be blow in the wind .
a animal be eat .
a baby be crawl across the floor .
a baby be crawl happily .
a baby be fall asleep .
a baby be laugh .
a baby be laugh and crawl on the floor .
a baby be laugh and giggle .
a baby be play a guitar .
a baby be play with a dog .
a baby be play with a doll .
a baby be sit in the grass .
a baby be talk .
a baby elephant be eat .
a baby elephant eat a sapling .
a baby hold a ketchup packet .
a baby in a highchair hold a ketchup packet .
a baby in a red hat sit in a stroller be hold a doll .
a baby monkey scratch itself .
a baby panda relax on some log .
a baby play with a dog and ball .
a baby sneeze and scare another baby .
a baby tiger be play with a ball .
a badger be burrow a hole .
a badger be dig in the dirt .
a badger be dig the earth .
a bald man touch the nose of a black horse on the other side of a fence .
a bald man with a beard pet the nose of a black and white horse at the fence .
a band be perform on a stage .
a band be play and singe on a stage .
a band be play instrument .
a band be play on a stage .
a band be singe .
a baseball player hit the ball
a baseball player throw the ball .
a battle to retake north Mali : hundred of french troop drive back al - Qaida - link rebel
a bay foal be walk next to its mother in a grassy field .
a beagle walk along the calm shore .
a bear be fight wolf .
a bear be run from two dog .
a beauty contest to be hold in Italy next week may be the first for pixel - perfect pin - up .
a bicycle be park by a shop .
a bicycle be park outside a bookstore .
a bicycle in a dining room .
a bicyclist in black on a black and red racing bike .
a big cat open a plastic drawer with his paw and then hop inside .
a big green ball knock a potato over .
a big turtle be walk .
a biker be ride along a track element locate with a wooded area .
a bird be eat from a bowl .
a bird be flap its wing in the water .
a bird be perch on a person 's gloved hand .
a bird hold on to a metal gate .
a bird land in the water .
a bird perch on a flowerpot .
a bird pick up a plastic cup contain a liquid with it be beak and put the cup into a bowl .
a bird sit in a leafless tree .
a bird sit in a tree .
a bird stand on top of a wooden fencepost .
a black , brown and white dog run through a field .
a black , flat screen television place on the floor .
a black and a brown dog run in the grass .
a black and a yellow dog
a black and brown dog run through the wood .
a black and brown dog walk through the snow near a building .
a black and tan dog look at a black sheep .
a black and tan dog walk through the snow .
a black and white bird on a body of water with grass in the background .
a black and white cat be sit on a brown chair look up .
a black and white cat get into a basket of yarn .
a black and white cat lay on a cat bed .
a black and white cat lay on the ground in the sun .
a black and white cat lie in the dirt .
a black and white cat lie on a blanket .
a black and white cat play with a blanket .
a black and white cat sleep on a purple blanket .
a black and white cat sleep on its side on a purple blanket .
a black and white chair sit in front of a brick wall and a window with a bamboo plant in a vase .
a black and white cow in a pen with hay .
a black and white cow in hay .
a black and white cow look through the fence .
a black and white cow stand in a grassy field .
a black and white cow stand in the field .
a black and white cow stand on grass against a partly cloudy blue sky .
a black and white dog be carry a stick in its mouth .
a black and white dog be run in the grass .
a black and white dog be run on the beach .
a black and white dog be run through a cow field .
a black and white dog be run through grass .
a black and white dog be run through the field .
a black and white dog be swim in a large green lake .
a black and white dog look at the camera .
a black and white dog return a stick in the snow .
a black and white dog run through some red and white pole
a black and white dog run with its mouth open .
a black and white dog run with something in his mouth .
a black and white dog swim in blue water .
a black and white dog swimming in the pool
a black and white dog with a stick be in muddy water .
a black and white horn cow stand in a field .
a black and white image of a cat lay on a rug .
a black and white lamb with other lamb in the background .
a black and white photo of a bicycle .
a black and white photo of a cat lie down .
a black and white photo of a cat sit on a sofa .
a black and white photo of a cow under a tree .
a black and white photo of a cow walk under a tree in a field .
a black and white photo of a dilapidate wooden fence .
a black and white photo of a glass bottle of Coca Cola .
a black and white photo of a living room with a large window , sofa , and chair .
a black and white photo of a love seat .
a black and white photo of a motorcycle lay on the ground .
a black and white photo of a woman show a horse .
a black and white photo of an empty train station .
a black and white photo of an old train station .
a black and white photo of an old wooden fence near a dirty street .
a black and white photo of cattle at a trough .
a black and white photo of cow in their stall .
a black and white scene of a well furnished room with a view outlooke a forest .
a black and white sheep be walk next to a white sheep .
a black and white spotted dog be jump over the small stream of water .
a black and white spotted dog jump over a stream .
a black car park in the dirt out in the country .
a black cow and a brown cow stand in a plain in front of an uprooted tree .
a black cow and a brown cow stand in front of a small copse of tree in a field .
a black dog and a brown - and - white dog play in a field .
a black dog and a white dog be stand on snow .
a black dog and a white dog play in the street .
a black dog and a white dog play in the street together .
a black dog be bite a light brown dog ear in a playful manner .
a black dog be chase after a red Frisbee .
a black dog be run in snow .
a black dog be run in the grass .
a black dog be run quickly along the ground .
a black dog be run through some water .
a black dog be run through the snow .
a black dog be stare at a sheep .
a black dog be swim with a ball in it 's mouth .
a black dog be walk on the grass with a stick in it 's mouth .
a black dog dig in the snow .
a black dog dig through the snow .
a black dog emerge from the water with a white ball in its mouth .
a black dog jump in the air to catch a toy .
a black dog jump through the water .
a black dog lie on the grass .
a black dog look at a brown sheep in a pen .
a black dog playfully bit another dog in a living room set
a black dog retrieve in the snow .
a black dog run along the edge of the ocean .
a black dog run fast into shallow water .
a black dog run in the snow .
a black dog run on a beach .
a black dog run through water .
a black dog stand in a field .
a black dog stand in a room be construct .
a black dog stand in front of yellow flower .
a black dog stand in the surf hold a red rubber ball .
a black dog stand next to material at a construction site .
a black dog swim through a river .
a black dog walk out of the water with a white ball in his mouth .
a black dog walk through water .
a black dog wear a blue collar be run through the snow .
a black dog wear an orange collar be entangle with fishing wire .
a black dog with a blue collar be run in the snow .
a black dog with a red collar play in the snow .
a black faced sheep .
a black headed sheep cover in thick white wool stand in a pasture with other sheep .
a black horse be run around .
a black man and his dog on the beach .
a black man be walk next to a building in a big city .
a black pet dog run around in the garden of a house .
a black pickup truck be also see in the Campbells Creek area , Morris say .
a black pit bull dog be run through the dirt .
a black poodle be run in the snow .
a black poodle frolic in the snow .
a black poodle play in the snow .
a black steam train travel on the railroad track .
a black swan flap its wing on the water .
a black table with white fuzzy chair .
a black train move down the track .
a black vehicle park with a vie of low - lie mountain .
a black woman and two black child be sit in a thatched tent .
a blackbird sit on the ground .
a blond child be lay on a branch of a tree in a green field .
a blond haired lady in white pose for the camera .
a blonde dog be catch a ball in its mouth in the snow .
a bloody man and woman pose for a picture .
a blue and orange airplane fly with its landing gear down .
a blue and white soccer team play against each other .
a blue bird perch on a gloved hand .
a blue bird perch on the gloved hand of a person .
a blue jay stand in a grassy field .
a blue mope park on the sidewalk .
a blue motorcycle be park on the sidewalk .
a blue train in a mountainous area .
a bmx biker ride along the top of a fence .
a boat be in the water and a small airplane be on the dock .
a boat be on the water near a small plane .
a boat float in the water .
a boat move in a river .
a boat with four sail be sail on water .
a bombing occur in afghanistan but police have not yet state who be responsible .
a boy and a girl be dance in the rain .
a boy and a girl play on the beach .
a boy be check a calender .
a boy be crawl into a dog house .
a boy be cut paper .
a boy be do push up .
a boy be grind a skateboard down a concrete wall .
a boy be look at a calendar .
a boy be make some dance step .
a boy be onstage play the violin .
a boy be play a guitar .
a boy be play a key - board .
a boy be play a key - board between the people .
a boy be play a piano .
a boy be play an instrument .
a boy be play guitar .
a boy be play in the mud .
a boy be play key board .
a boy be play piano and singing .
a boy be play the piano .
a boy be play the trumpet .
a boy be play with a toy .
a boy be pour something from a pitcher .
a boy be push a van .
a boy be ride a bike on a gate .
a boy be run in front of fish hang on fishing rod .
a boy be run on a beach .
a boy be scream .
a boy be singe and play the piano .
a boy be sit in a room play a piano by lamp light .
a boy be try to say firetruck .
a boy be upset play video game .
a boy be walk across a bridge .
a boy cut grass with scissor .
a boy do a back flip into a swimming pool .
a boy do a trick on a skateboard .
a boy do a wheelie on a plank with the beach in the background .
a boy do skateboard trick on a railing .
a boy fall off his bike .
a boy feed a sheep hay .
a boy go down an inflatable slide .
a boy hold a net with a snake in it close to the ground .
a boy in a blue t shirt be airborne on a skateboard in a skate park .
a boy in a red sled be ride down the hill .
a boy in a robe sit in a chair .
a boy in black wave his arm while other people be behind he on a field .
a boy in red slide down an inflatable ride .
a boy jump in the air on the beach .
a boy jump into a not - so - crowded public pool .
a boy jump into the blue pool water .
a boy look at a computer screen .
a boy play a handheld game .
a boy play a keyboard .
a boy play a piano .
a boy play baseball .
a boy play violin on stage .
a boy play with a foam noodle toy by a pool .
a boy play with a noodle by the pool .
a boy push a wagon with two pumpkin .
a boy ride his bike on top of a metal fence .
a boy run away from his fishing line .
a boy run through green grass .
a boy skateboard down the metal handrail at night .
a boy spank a man with a plastic sword .
a boy swinge on a swing .
a boy take off his sunglass .
a boy wave around a sparkler .
a boy wear a blue life jacket be hold onto the side of a green boat .
a boy wear a red shirt run across the grass with a furry dog .
a boy wear red and blue swim trunk jump head first into a swimming pool .
a boy whack a man with a sword .
a boy who seem ill be be touch in the face by a toddler .
a boy with a broken arm be rest in a bed .
a boy with a broken arm be sleep .
a boy with a metal colander on his head .
a breakdown of order in china will be bad than in afghanistan or yugoslavia .
a breakdown of order in china will lead to significant global turmoil .
a brown and black dog be jump to catch a red ball .
a brown and black dog jump for a red ball .
a brown and white cow stand in a grassy area with tree behind .
a brown and white dog be run across the grass .
a brown and white dog be run on the grass .
a brown and white dog be walk next to a man on a skateboard .
a brown and white dog jump over a red and yellow pole
a brown and white dog run across the grass .
a brown and white dog run on grass .
a brown and white dog sit on a floral - pattern chair .
a brown and white dog swim in a backyard swimming pool .
a brown and white dog with a pink collar be bark at a brown dog with a blue collar in the snow .
a brown dog about to catch a green Frisbee .
a brown dog be carry a stick in its mouth .
a brown dog be in the middle of a line of dog chase a dirty tennis ball over dirt .
a brown dog be jump up to catch a green strap in it 's mouth .
a brown dog be lay in the snow .
a brown dog be play with a ball in the water .
a brown dog be rest its paw on a laptop keyboard .
a brown dog be run along a grassy stretch divide by string .
a brown dog be run in a field .
a brown dog be run in the grass .
a brown dog be run though a river .
a brown dog be run through green grass .
a brown dog be splash water everywhere by shake the water off of itself .
a brown dog be walk on the grass .
a brown dog carry a Frisbee run through the snow .
a brown dog carry a stick in its mouth .
a brown dog chase a Frisbee
a brown dog chew on an orange ball .
a brown dog dig a hole in front of a plant
a brown dog dig in the sand .
a brown dog in a Superman shirt be lay on a blue blanket .
a brown dog in run on grass .
a brown dog jump into the air to catch a ball .
a brown dog lay on a blue cover .
a brown dog run on the sand , hold a stick .
a brown dog run through the dirty muddy grass
a brown dog run through the grass .
a brown dog run through the wood .
a brown dog sit on the beach .
a brown dog splash in the water while carry a ball in it 's mouth .
a brown dog squat on grass .
a brown dog wade in the water .
a brown dog wait for the Frisbee to come down before catch it .
a brown double decker tour bus on a street with a ferris wheel behind it .
a brown furry animal stand behind some plant .
a brown horse be stand on grass and scrub .
a brown horse graze in a field of green grass .
a brown horse in a green field .
a brown horse stand in a lush green field .
a brown horse stand in tall grass .
a buddha statue hold a candle be sit on a table .
a buddha statue sit on a table with a wooden table runner .
a building with a temporary sign over the entrance to its parking lot .
a bulldog be run through a grassy park while people stand in the background .
a bulldog sit on a yellow chair beside a large waste receptacle .
a bunch of bike race on a track .
a bus be on a road with a ferris wheel in the background .
a bus drive in a street .
a camouflage plane sit on the green grass .
a car back out of a space .
a car be back out of a block lane .
a car be drive along the road .
a car be drive down the road .
a car be move through a road .
a car be parking .
a car be take reverse .
a car park in front of train track .
a cartoon chef be flip pancake .
a cartoon woman be dive off a board .
a cartoon woman dive into a pool .
a cat , perch on a table , look out the window .
a cat address the camera .
a cat and a boy play together .
a cat and a ferret be play .
a cat be crawl under a piece of furniture on it be back .
a cat be crawl upside down under the couch .
a cat be drink milk .
a cat be drink some water .
a cat be eat a slice of watermelon .
a cat be jump into a box .
a cat be lick a small bottle .
a cat be lick a sucker .
a cat be lick from a saucer of milk .
a cat be lick himself .
a cat be lick its paw .
a cat be open a drawer and climb inside .
a cat be play .
a cat be play a key board .
a cat be play a piano .
a cat be play in a box .
a cat be play keyboard .
a cat be play on the floor .
a cat be play the piano .
a cat be play with a camera .
a cat be play with a watermelon .
a cat be play with an antenna .
a cat be poope into a toilet .
a cat be rub against a baby .
a cat be rub against baby 's face .
a cat be slide upside down under a couch .
a cat be spin around by a ceiling fan .
a cat be try to touch a dog .
a cat be watch a tv .
a cat look at the camera .
a cat look out of a window .
a cat on its back look at the camera .
a cat open a drawer and climb inside .
a cat rapidly swat a kid in the head .
a cat recline on an office chair .
a cat stare into the camera .
a cat swing on a ceiling fan .
a cheetah be run .
a cheetah be run across a field .
a chef be clean up a bowl of soup .
a chef be peel a potato .
a chicken be peck at a dead mouse .
a child and parent pet a horse .
a child and two dog play in the water .
a child be jump into a swimming pool .
a child be stick in a dog house .
a child be walk down the street as a jeep pull up .
a child be walk from one picnic table to another .
a child hold a yellow balloon .
a child in a blue and white team uniform chase a soccer ball .
a child in a red shirt be use a black wake board to splash over a beach wave .
a child in front of his own reflection turn towards the camera and smile .
a child in orange be on a boogie board in the wave .
a child in red and blue floatie look down at the water .
a child run through the grass .
a child sit in a large black leather chair .
a child squat behind a wagon with two pumpkin in it .
a child with his hand on his head .
a chimpanzee be hurt a woman .
a classroom of student watch a presentation .
a clear plastic chair in front of a bookcase .
a clear plastic chair in front of book shelf .
a climber be stand on the rock face next to the pink rope .
a close - up , distort photo of an empty glass Coke bottle .
a close - up of a black train engine .
a close - up of a brown horse 's head .
a close - up of a cat on a cream sofa .
a close - up of a lamb with its ear tag , stand on grass .
a close - up of a sheep in the grass .
a close - up of a sheep with a black head .
a close - up of a sheep with its tongue hang out .
a close - up of a silver train engine with a red stripe .
a close - up of a woman with black boot next to a blue motorcycle .
a close - up of a yellow school bus .
a close - up of an animal with a long face stand on grass near a tree .
a close - up picture of a desk with a computer and paper on it .
a close - up picture of a white and purple motorcycle .
a close - up view of a horse 's head .
a close - up view of the headlight of a blue old - fashioned car .
a close up of a brown faced cat .
a close up of a cat with its eye close .
a close up of a horse wear a blue halter .
a close up of a small cactus in a pot .
a close up of a woman hold a white puppy .
a close up of an ostrich face .
a close up of the front end of a purple and white motor cycle .
a close up view of a bottle of water .
a closeup of a hummingbird fly .
a clown be singe .
a clown be singe and people be dance .
a coalition of campaign group , include the militant national student body , be back the action and be mobilise for protest .
a coalition of campaign group , include the militant national student body , be back the protest , which the NLC call in defiance of a court order ban they .
a computer on a desk .
a computer on the floor .
a computer operate on a desk .
a cook season some dough .
a cost analysis be under way , say Michael Rebell , CFE 's executive director .
a county firefighter , be strike by lightning and be in stable condition at Frankfort Regional Medical Center .
a couple be run towards the ocean .
a couple be walk .
a couple hold a baby .
a couple of policewoman be singe karaoke .
a couple pose for a picture on a couch .
a couple pose on a red and yellow motorcycle .
a couple slow dance .
a couple walk down the street .
a cow be eat grass .
a cow be eat hay .
a cruise liner dock at a port .
a cruise liner dock at the shoreline .
a cruise ship dock at a coast .
a cruise ship dock at shore .
a cuban architect be sentence to 20 year in prison Friday for use two fake grenade to hijack a passenger plane from Cuba to Florida in April .
a cyclist be make his bike jump between two rock .
a cyclist in black and white lira speed past spectator .
a dancer pose for the camera in a red and white dress .
a dark brown horse stand in a field .
a day of rage in Bahrain
a dear friend from Ohio send I this .
a deer jump a fence .
a deer jump over a cyclone fence .
a deer jump over a fence .
a dining table with candle , wine , and a teapot .
a divide Supreme Court rule Monday that Congress can force the nation 's public library to equip computer with anti - pornography filter .
a doctor rush a patient on a stretcher .
a dog be bark .
a dog be bark at a ball .
a dog be bark at a toy .
a dog be bark at an electronic toy duck .
a dog be bite a mop .
a dog be catch a fish in a river .
a dog be chase a ball .
a dog be drive a car .
a dog be eat a piece of watermelon .
a dog be eat some water melon .
a dog be eat water melon .
a dog be jump in the snow .
a dog be jump into a swimming pool after a duck .
a dog be jump on a trampoline .
a dog be jump over a barrier at a agility competition .
a dog be jump up in the air to catch a toy .
a dog be lay on the floor .
a dog be lick a baby .
a dog be look around
a dog be look into swimming pool .
a dog be move its mouth .
a dog be on the beach near a ball .
a dog be open a fridge .
a dog be paw at a fly in the carpet before it .
a dog be peek out of the back of a van .
a dog be play in the snow .
a dog be pull a child down a hill .
a dog be ride a skateboard .
a dog be ride on a bicyclist shoulder .
a dog be roll from side to side .
a dog be run across the sand with a stick in it 's mouth .
a dog be run along the grass .
a dog be run around a yard .
a dog be run in a large body of water cause it to splash .
a dog be run in the snow .
a dog be run on the ground .
a dog be run through a backyard full of leave .
a dog be run through a creek with a stick in its mouth .
a dog be run through the ocean .
a dog be run through water .
a dog be run toward the camera .
a dog be speak to the camera .
a dog be swim in a pool .
a dog be try to eat the bacon on its back .
a dog be try to get bacon off his back .
a dog be walk along a pool .
a dog be walk along the edge of a pool .
a dog be walk around a pool .
a dog be watch a store counter .
a dog be wear a gray jacket .
a dog bite on a can .
a dog bounce on a trampoline .
a dog bound across the brown grass .
a dog carry a leash in its mouth .
a dog chase another by a tree .
a dog close a refrigerator door .
a dog dig in the sand .
a dog emerge form the water with a stick in its mouth .
a dog enjoy a romp in the water with mountain and sand in the background .
a dog have an orange ball in its mouth .
a dog have it be head inside a red and green gift bag .
a dog in a " superman " shirt sleep on a blanket .
a dog in in a car .
a dog in the snow .
a dog jump for a Frisbee in the snow .
a dog jump in midair to catch a Frisbee .
a dog jump into a backyard pool .
a dog jump into a swimming pool .
a dog jump over a chain .
a dog jump over an obstacle course fence .
a dog lay in a pet jacket .
a dog leap off a dock and into the water .
a dog leap over a chain .
a dog leap over a hurdle .
a dog leap over the hurdle .
a dog lick a baby .
a dog lick up a baby 's drool .
a dog lie on his back on a wooden floor .
a dog nap under a small table .
a dog open a can of food .
a dog pant while stand in the wood .
a dog peak out the back of a truck .
a dog play in the wave with a ball .
a dog ride a skateboard .
a dog run across the grass .
a dog run across the grassy field .
a dog run across the sand
a dog run along the beach .
a dog run in the snow .
a dog run on the beach
a dog run through a field chase a ball .
a dog run through a forest in the winter time
a dog run through a lot of twig .
a dog run through snow .
a dog run through the grass .
a dog run through the snow .
a dog run through the water .
a dog run through the wood .
a dog run toward the camera with a stick in its mouth .
a dog run with a stick in it 's mouth .
a dog shake off water .
a dog shake water off .
a dog sit at the counter of a store .
a dog sit on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster .
a dog sit with its paw on a laptop computer .
a dog sleep under a table .
a dog splash in the murky water .
a dog splash in the water .
a dog stand on a beach with a ball nearby .
a dog swim after a tennis ball .
a dog swim in the water .
a dog swim with a stick in it 's mouth .
a dog swim with a stick in its mouth .
a dog walk on the beach .
a dog walk through the snow .
a dog wear a green sweater and a backpack walk on snow .
a dog with a red collar run in a forest in the middle of winter .
a dog with a red toy in it 's mouth .
a dog with big ear be hold a small stick in it 's mouth .
a dog with floppy ear walk towards the camera in the wood .
a domestic animal stand in a pen .
a double - decker bus drive in front of a ferris wheel .
a double decker bus drive on a city street .
a double decker bus on a city street .
a double decker red United bus on a city street .
a doubly decker red bus drive down the road .
a duck float in the water .
a federal grand jury indict they on Tuesday ; the document be seal until yesterday to allow authority to make arrest .
a federal magistrate in Fort Lauderdale order he hold without bail .
a female apply something to he hair with her hand .
a ferret and kitten play together .
a few mile far east be Tehuacan , where corn may first have be domesticate 4,000 year ago .
a few mile west be the pyramid of Teotihuacan , where corn may first have be domesticate 4,000 year ago .
a few thousand troop , most from the division 's 3rd Brigade Combat Team base at Fort Benning in Columbus , begin return last week , with flight continue through Friday .
a field of black faced sheep .
a fish be swim .
a flat - screen tv sit on the floor .
a flat screen tv on the floor .
a float airfield with a flight deck cover 4.5 acre , the ship take about five year to build .
a flock of bird fly over a body of water .
a fluffy , white dog run in the snow .
a fluffy dog carry a black leash in its mouth .
a gentleman smile and show his reflective sunglass .
a gibbon be swinge in the tree .
a ginger cat sit on an office chair .
a girl be bounce on her head on a trampoline .
a girl be communicate with sign language .
a girl be drag downhill by a dog .
a girl be eat a cupcake .
a girl be exercise .
a girl be file her nail .
a girl be fly a kite .
a girl be jump onto a car .
a girl be make eyelid .
a girl be play a flute .
a girl be play a guitar .
a girl be play a piano .
a girl be play a violin .
a girl be play on a swing .
a girl be play the piano .
a girl be put gel in her hair .
a girl be put on makeup .
a girl be read a newspaper .
a girl be ride a bicycle .
a girl be ride a horse .
a girl be singe and play a guitar .
a girl be singe on stage .
a girl be slice a butter into two piece .
a girl be style her hair .
a girl be tap her finger nail .
a girl be wear a purple sash and matching skirt .
a girl bounce upside down on her head on a trampoline .
a girl dance in the rain .
a girl do a back bend at the beach .
a girl do a back bend on the beach .
a girl hold up a yellow balloon animal .
a girl in a black and blue wet suit be surf .
a girl in a black desktop hold up an open box of Corn Flakes and a carton of milk .
a girl in a cowboy hat with a sheep on a leash .
a girl in a pink dress ride her bike along a white picket fence .
a girl in a pink shirt be sprawl her limb out in midair .
a girl in a purple shirt and pink headband pose
a girl in a red dress ride her bike in front of a white fence .
a girl in a red shirt be ride a brown horse .
a girl in a red shirt take a picture on a phone .
a girl in an orange shirt light candle .
a girl in glass be look over two american flag near a wooded area .
a girl in orange light a candle .
a girl in ride gear sit atop a brown horse .
a girl jump on a car .
a girl jump rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage .
a girl jump rope on a sidewalk with a parking garage to the left .
a girl lose her kite .
a girl make up her bed .
a girl playing be a pile of colorful ball .
a girl ride a brown horse .
a girl ride on a brown and white horse .
a girl run along a river bank with two black dog .
a girl run be fly a kite .
a girl run with dog in a dry field .
a girl sit in a live chair .
a girl sit on a bench hold an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit .
a girl stand in a dimly light area .
a girl swing her long , wet hair in a lake .
a girl wear a black top be smile with a silver truck in the background .
a girl wear a red blouse ride a brown horse .
a girl wear black short and boot be stand next to a blue motorcycle .
a girl wear green twist something in her hand .
a girl with a black purse sit on a wooden bench .
a girl with a red bag stand on the street .
a golden dog be run on the grass .
a goose flap its wing in a body of water .
a gorilla be play the drum .
a gray cat be sit on the window ledge look at the camera .
a gray cat with green eye look at the camera .
a green bike park outside a book store .
a green steam engine travel on the railroad track .
a grey , black , and white cat look at the camera .
a grey and white tabby cat be sleep on purple fabric .
a grey cat with green eye look into the camera .
a grey dog and a tan dog play on a grassy field .
a grey dog jump to bite a green leash .
a grey hound be active in a grassy field .
a group of child do stretch on colored mat .
a group of couple be dance .
a group of cow in a field with yellow tag in their ear .
a group of elderly people pose around a dining table .
a group of elderly people sit around a dining table .
a group of four child dance in a backyard .
a group of four people walk past a giant mushroom .
a group of girl be exit a taxi .
a group of girl on a beach .
a group of girl stand wear jean skirt and superman shirt .
a group of guy play instrument outside .
a group of horse graze in a field .
a group of man be dance .
a group of man play brass instrument .
a group of old man walk down the street
a group of penguin be walk .
a group of people be dance .
a group of people be dance in concert .
a group of people be fire up a hot air balloon .
a group of people be march in place .
a group of people be ride in the back of a truck .
a group of people be stand and sit around on the ground at night .
a group of people be stand around a red fire truck .
a group of people be stand by a window watch something .
a group of people be walk down the sidewalk of a big city .
a group of people be wear bunny ear .
a group of people dance
a group of people dance on a hill .
a group of people eat at a table outside .
a group of people get off a train .
a group of people have a drink .
a group of people in a living room .
a group of people in boat race towards the shore .
a group of people in dark colored clothing be line dance on a wooden floor .
a group of people in front of a red fire truck .
a group of people ride in a race
a group of people sing .
a group of people sit around a desk .
a group of people sit around a table contain food .
a group of people sit around a table on a porch .
a group of people sit around a table with food and beer .
a group of people sit around a table with food on it .
a group of people sit at a restaurant table .
a group of people sit at a table in an italian restaurant .
a group of people stand and wait to see something .
a group of people stand outside of a building .
a group of people walk on the side of a railroad track .
a group of river barge with tree in the background .
a group of sheep be on a hill .
a group of sheep graze on a hill .
a group of sheep in a field .
a group of teenager be dance on a wooden floor .
a group of teenager be jump in the air on the beach .
a group of young ballerina be in a dance studio .
a group of young lady in bikinis .
a group of young people jump up in the air while on the beach .
a group of youngster swim in lake water
a group represent mainly white south africans call afriforum state it would organize protest along the route to zimbabwe .
a gun be be fire .
a guy and two girl be smile at the camera .
a guy be go up for a lay - up on a basketball court .
a guy be mow the lawn .
a guy be play a trumpet .
a guy be singe while play his guitar .
a guy be sit on his bike with one wheel in the air .
a guy be talk into a microphone .
a guy on a white horse .
a hamster be singe .
a hare be run from a eagle .
a hedgehog be bite at a blanket .
a helicopter be land on a helipad .
a helicopter land .
a herd of caribou be cross a road .
a herd of deer be cross the street .
a hockey player be lay on the ice in front of the goal .
a home office with three computer monitor and other equipment on a desk .
a horse be run .
a horse gallop while wear the number 4 .
a horse rider be ride a white horse .
a horse stand near a gate with another horse in the background .
a hp / detijd journalist learn about tno 's chemical weapon experiment from the defense ministry 's archive .
a jet be fly .
a jockey ride a horse .
a jockey ride a horse in a pen .
a judge order the child place in state custody Aug. 8 .
a jury convict rapper C - Murder , also know as Corey Miller , of second - degree murder Tuesday night in the shooting death of a 16 - year - old in a Jefferson Parish nightclub .
a kangaroo be eat .
a kangroo be eat something .
a kayaker find Dr. Scribner 's body float near the doctor 's houseboat in Portage Bay , where he be eat lunch when his wife , Ethel , leave for an appointment .
a key european arm control treaty must be maintain .
a key figure in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester 's bribery scheme be accuse Wednesday of change his story about Silvester 's allege corrupt dealing with a Boston investment firm .
a key player in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester 's corruption scheme testify on Tuesday about kickback and bribe silvester trade for state business .
a kid be play a guitar .
a kid be play an instrument .
a kid be play guitar .
a kid jump a ledge with a bike .
a kid play the guitar .
a kid play with a toy phone .
a kid run away from a fish swinge around on a fishing pole .
a kid run in the opposite direction of other who be play a game .
a kitchen sink and countertop with bowl on shelf .
a kitchen with wooden cabinet and furniture .
a kitchendiner with paper lay on the blue clothe dining table .
a kitten be drink milk .
a kitten be eat its food from a plate .
a kitten be play with a ball .
a kitten be play with a blue rope toy .
a kitten be play with a toy .
a kitten eat some food .
a lady be run her dog through an agility course .
a lady dress in a kimono be look at the camera .
a lady fasten someone 's ice skate in the snow .
a lady hold one dog while another dog be play in the yard .
a lamb stand near two tiny animal .
a large airplane park at the airport at night .
a large amount of penguin be head to the ocean .
a large bird be fly through the air .
a large bird of prey fly towards the camera .
a large bird stand on a table pick up a plastic glass contain liquid and place it in a bowl of something .
a large black and white dog be swim in the water .
a large black and white dog run in the ocean water
a large black bird be sit in the water .
a large boat in the water at the marina .
a large boat on the sea .
a large boat pull a small white boat .
a large brown dog be crouch in a grassy field .
a large cruise ship in harbor with tree behind .
a large dog stand next to a sheep in a field .
a large gray dog be play in the deep snow .
a large green ball hit a potato .
a large group of people have form a line outside .
a large group of people ride brown and white horse .
a large jet on the ground at the airport .
a large passenger jet fly close to the ground .
a large sheep stand on a hill .
a large tan dog be run with a green item in its mouth
a large white and grey dog run through a yellow tunnel in an obstacle course .
a laugh boy lie on a pit of blue ball .
a law be constitutional if it do not conflict with the Constitution .
a lawsuit have be file in an attempt to block the removal of the Ten Commandments monument from the building .
a line outside of a bookstore on a street .
a lion be pace in a pen .
a lion be play with people .
a lion be play with two man .
a lion be try to climb up over a wall .
a lion be walk .
a lion be walk around .
a lion be walk in an enclose area .
a little bird float in the water .
a little blonde girl be sit on a green chair .
a little boy and a little girl play together outside .
a little boy be pet a tiger that be lay down .
a little boy be play a guitar .
a little boy be play a keyboard .
a little boy be stand in front of a wedding party laugh .
a little boy be vacuum the floor .
a little boy clown with a colander on his head .
a little boy in denim overall slide down an orange slide .
a little boy jump from one chair to another .
a little boy play with a toy phone .
a little boy stand with his hand on top of his head
a little girl and a little boy hold hand on a shiny slide .
a little girl be play a grand piano on stage .
a little girl be play the piano .
a little girl be ride a white and grey horse .
a little girl be sit on Santa 's lap
a little girl hold a wooden stick .
a little girl hold onto a pole on a city street .
a little girl in a paisley dress run across a sandy playground .
a little girl in a purple shirt and helmet be ride on a scooter .
a little girl in a red shirt pull a kite .
a little girl on a kid swing .
a little girl play in a pit of colorful ball .
a little girl play the violin on a beach .
a little girl run at on the shore of a beach .
a little girl swim in a pool .
a little girl walk on a boardwalk with blue dome in the background .
a little girl with a ribbon in her hair be pick her nose .
a little girl with her hand in the air be sit on a man 's back while he be lay on a blanket .
a little kid be run around a fishing pole .
a little white curly haired dog run across the pavement with a stick in its mouth .
a live rabbit be play with a stuff animal bunny .
a living room with a blue sofa , camp bed , wooden bench and dresser .
a living room with a dining table in the background .
a living room with large sofas and a dining table in the background .
a living room with table , chair and sofa alongside a large palm .
a lone cow sit in the cold of the yard .
a long - haired cat with it 's eye closed .
a long await report on the Hong Kong government 's handling of the SARS outbreak have be release .
a long train be on train track .
a look at major terror attack in East Africa
a machine be sharpen a pencil .
a male and female robot be kiss .
a mallard and a tame white duck on the grass near water .
a man   be drive a car .
a man an woman be dance in the rain .
a man and a dog be play tug of war .
a man and a woman be different yes .
a man and a woman be kiss .
a man and a woman be kiss each other .
a man and a woman be ride on a bicycle .
a man and a woman be ride on their bicycle .
a man and a woman be smile .
a man and a woman be talk to each other .
a man and a woman be walk in the wood .
a man and a woman hold hand walk along the beach .
a man and a woman kiss .
a man and a woman laugh .
a man and a woman look at the camera .
a man and a woman shake hand .
a man and a woman stand on a city street .
a man and a woman talk in a diner .
a man and and woman be run together , hold hand .
a man and dog on a rocky seashore .
a man and his bicycle lay down on the green grass .
a man and small child in a living room pose for the camera .
a man and two woman dress in costume .
a man and two woman smile at the camera while sit on a blue sofa .
a man and woman be bollywood dancing .
a man and woman be dance in the rain .
a man and woman be drive down the road in an open air vehicle .
a man and woman be drive down the street in a jeep .
a man and woman be eat .
a man and woman be pose for the camera .
a man and woman be ride a motorcycle .
a man and woman be ride in a car .
a man and woman be talk .
a man and woman be walk .
a man and woman be walk arm in arm through a wooded area .
a man and woman be walk in the grand .
a man and woman be walk through the jungle .
a man and woman be walk together through the wood .
a man and woman dance .
a man and woman dressedin old fashion clothing sit outside at a table .
a man and woman kiss .
a man and woman pose on a field with a bottle of wine .
a man and woman sit back to back outside in the sun .
a man and woman sit on a sofa hold a small baby .
a man and woman smile at the camera while stand in a kitchen .
a man and woman stand , smile for camera .
a man and woman walk hold each other .
a man and woman with their hand on their chin be stand next to a Christmas tree .
a man be add oil to a pot .
a man be add oil to car .
a man be add pork chop to a pan .
a man be add slice vegetable to a cooking bowl with water .
a man be alone on the back of a tandem bicycle .
a man be apply butter to bread .
a man be assemble speaker part .
a man be be put into an abulance .
a man be break an egg .
a man be break pot .
a man be break water jug .
a man be burn a flag .
a man be bust concrete .
a man be butter a piece of bread .
a man be butter bread .
a man be carry another man .
a man be carry another man on his back .
a man be carry another man over his shoulder .
a man be carry someone on his shoulder .
a man be carve a statue .
a man be catch a ball .
a man be chop a log with an axe .
a man be chop a tree trunk with an axe .
a man be chop an onion .
a man be chop butter into a container .
a man be chop coriander leaf .
a man be clean a glass door .
a man be clean the house .
a man be clean the window .
a man be climb a rope .
a man be climb a wall .
a man be climb the side of a mountain .
a man be come out into the water .
a man be cook a tortilla in a skillet .
a man be crush garlic with the back of a knife .
a man be cry .
a man be cut a boot with a sword .
a man be cut a fish .
a man be cut a paper .
a man be cut a paper plate .
a man be cut a plantain .
a man be cut a potato .
a man be cut a rope with a sword .
a man be cut a snake to cook .
a man be cut a vegetable .
a man be cut an onion .
a man be cut and onion .
a man be cut bread .
a man be cut carpet with a knife .
a man be cut cucumber .
a man be cut grass .
a man be cut open a box .
a man be cut tomato .
a man be cut tomato into piece .
a man be cut up a potato .
a man be cut up carrot .
a man be dance .
a man be dance in rain .
a man be dance on the ceiling .
a man be dance on the ceiling of a room .
a man be dance on the road .
a man be dance outside .
a man be dance upside - down on the ceiling .
a man be dangle a mouse near a snake .
a man be deliver a lecture at an event celebrate the game of cricket .
a man be dice an onion .
a man be die in an operating room .
a man be dive into a pool .
a man be dive into a swimming pool .
a man be do a card trick .
a man be do a wheelie on a bike .
a man be do push - up .
a man be do trick with a soccer ball .
a man be drain pasta .
a man be draw .
a man be draw a picture .
a man be draw on a digital dry erase board .
a man be draw some figure .
a man be drive a car .
a man be drivong a car .
a man be eat .
a man be eat a banana .
a man be eat a banana by a tree .
a man be eat a bowl of cereal .
a man be eat a slice of pizza .
a man be eat bread .
a man be eat his food .
a man be eat wood .
a man be empty a plastic container .
a man be exercise .
a man be feed a mice to a snake .
a man be fire a shot gun .
a man be fish .
a man be fish in the river .
a man be fold a piece of paper .
a man be fold paper .
a man be fry a tortilla .
a man be get inside a car .
a man be get into a car .
a man be get into a car in a garage .
a man be give a lecture on a podium .
a man be give an interview .
a man be hang by a line off a cliff above water .
a man be hike .
a man be hold a animal .
a man be hold a frog .
a man be hold a leaf .
a man be hold a slow loris .
a man be hold huge sunflower .
a man be hold onto handle in the air .
a man be hold up and talk about a gray you Tube T - shirt .
a man be hug someone .
a man be jump a wall .
a man be jump rope outside .
a man be karate kicking at another man wear protective boxing glove .
a man be kick a soccer ball .
a man be kick box with a trainer .
a man be kick oot of water .
a man be kiss a woman in stage .
a man be kite surfing away from the camera .
a man be lay on the ground .
a man be lay on the ground shoot a rifle .
a man be lead a horse around by it be halter .
a man be levitate .
a man be lie the grass with long hair and beard .
a man be lift a barbell .
a man be lift a car .
a man be lift heavy weight .
a man be lift himself .
a man be lift weight .
a man be load a rifle .
a man be load a rifle with bullet .
a man be look at a computer monitor .
a man be look out of a window .
a man be make a phone call .
a man be make a speech at the podium .
a man be meditate .
a man be melt butter in a pan .
a man be mix .
a man be mix a bowl .
a man be moo .
a man be move a tree limb .
a man be move large rock .
a man be mow a lawn .
a man be mow grass .
a man be open a box use a knife .
a man be open a door .
a man be open a package contain headphone .
a man be paddle a canoe .
a man be pat an alligator on the mouth .
a man be peel a banana .
a man be peel a potato .
a man be peel an onion .
a man be peel potato .
a man be perform stunt .
a man be pet a dog .
a man be pet a tie up dog .
a man be place meat in a bag .
a man be place meat inside a plastic bag .
a man be play a bamboo flute .
a man be play a flute .
a man be play a flute in a band .
a man be play a guitar .
a man be play a guitar and singing .
a man be play a harp .
a man be play a keyboard .
a man be play a keyboard piano .
a man be play a large flute .
a man be play a musical instrument .
a man be play a piano .
a man be play a trumpet .
a man be play a violin .
a man be play a wooden flute while several other man play bongo drum .
a man be play an acoustic guitar and singing into a microphone .
a man be play an electric guitar .
a man be play an electronic keyboard .
a man be play baseball .
a man be play drum .
a man be play flute .
a man be play guitar .
a man be play his guitar .
a man be play keyboard .
a man be play on a guitar and singing .
a man be play on his keyboard .
a man be play piano .
a man be play soccer .
a man be play the cello .
a man be play the drum .
a man be play the flute .
a man be play the guitar .
a man be play the guitar and singing .
a man be play the piano .
a man be play the trumpet .
a man be play two keyboard .
a man be play two piano .
a man be play with frog
a man be pour chili into a bowl .
a man be pour oil into a pan .
a man be pour oil into a skillet .
a man be pour pasta onto a plate .
a man be pray .
a man be prepare a hang rope .
a man be prepare some dish .
a man be punch through board .
a man be put a pan into an oven .
a man be put anti - freeze into a car .
a man be put broccoli into water .
a man be put cheese on a tortilla .
a man be put food in a box .
a man be put paper on a dish .
a man be put two paper towel on a paper plate .
a man be rapidly chop some mushroom use a knife .
a man be ride a bicycle .
a man be ride a bicycle around a parking lot .
a man be ride a bike .
a man be ride a horse .
a man be ride a horse and jump over obstacle .
a man be ride a horse in an arena .
a man be ride a mechanical bull .
a man be ride a mo - pad .
a man be ride a motor scooter .
a man be ride a motorcycle .
a man be ride a motorcycle on the highway .
a man be ride a motorcycle through a town .
a man be ride a red motorcycle on the road .
a man be ride a skateboard .
a man be ride a white horse .
a man be ride on a horse .
a man be ride on a motorcycle .
a man be ride on one wheel on a motorcycle .
a man be rinse a large steak .
a man be rinse a steak .
a man be row a boat .
a man be run .
a man be run across a high wire .
a man be run down a road .
a man be run on a field .
a man be run on a street .
a man be run on rope .
a man be run on the road .
a man be run with a bus .
a man be scale a fish .
a man be scalle a sheer rock face with a rope support .
a man be scream .
a man be season some dough in a pan .
a man be sell item .
a man be shake a container over a kitchen sink .
a man be shoot a gun .
a man be shoot a pistol .
a man be shoot off a gun .
a man be show a bread .
a man be show a t shirt .
a man be show his dog to the camera .
a man be show magic .
a man be show slice a carrot with a knife .
a man be singe .
a man be singe and play a guitar .
a man be singe into a microphone .
a man be singe on stage .
a man be singe while walk down the sidewalk .
a man be sit on a rock .
a man be skate .
a man be sky surf on the water .
a man be slam dunk a ball .
a man be sled on an orange slide .
a man be slice a bun .
a man be slice a carrot by a machine .
a man be slice a cucumber .
a man be slice a leave .
a man be slice a line of water bottle with a knife
a man be slice a pepper .
a man be slice a plastic container with a sword .
a man be slice a potato .
a man be slice a potato into piece .
a man be slice a potatoe .
a man be slice a tomato .
a man be slice a white onion with a mandolin slicer .
a man be slice an onion .
a man be slice bread .
a man be slice cucumber with a knife .
a man be slice onion .
a man be slice potato .
a man be slice something .
a man be slice vegetable .
a man be smear butter on a slice of garlic bread .
a man be smell two pizza .
a man be smoke .
a man be speak at a podium .
a man be speak on a phone .
a man be speak on a stage .
a man be spin .
a man be spit .
a man be spray a fluid from a long hose at the beach .
a man be spread butter on a tortilla .
a man be spread butter onto bread .
a man be spread out dough .
a man be spread shredded cheese on an uncooked pizza .
a man be spread shreded cheese on a pizza .
a man be squeeze water .
a man be stab a target .
a man be stand in front of a raise statue , .
a man be stand in water near a waterfall .
a man be stand next to a yellow sport car .
a man be stand on top of a rock or mountain watch the sun set .
a man be stand on top of rock overlook the ocean .
a man be strain pasta .
a man be strike clay pot .
a man be sweep the floor of a house use a long broom .
a man be swim .
a man be swinge from a rope attach to the ceiling .
a man be swinge in a rope .
a man be swinge nunchuck .
a man be swinge on a rope .
a man be swinge on a rope above the water .
a man be swinge on a rope over water .
a man be take a picture .
a man be take out the inside of a green pepper .
a man be take picture of a lake .
a man be take picture of ant .
a man be take some math class .
a man be talk .
a man be talk into a microphone .
a man be talk on a phone .
a man be talk on the phone .
a man be talk with a woman .
a man be throw knife at a tree .
a man be tie a noose .
a man be tie a red arm band around another man arm in the street .
a man be tie his shoe .
a man be tie on a stenographer machine .
a man be travel in a boat .
a man be use a laptop .
a man be walk along a path through wilderness .
a man be walk by tree in front of the city skyline .
a man be walk down a road .
a man be walk down a sidewalk .
a man be walk in the rain .
a man be walk on a rope .
a man be walk on rock with water flow around they .
a man be walk outside .
a man be walk slowly across a rope bridge .
a man be walk with a horse .
a man be walk with several dog .
a man be watch tv on the foot of his bed .
a man be wind sail in the ocean .
a man be wipe the edge of a bowl off .
a man be write in a book .
a man be write on a paper .
a man blow a large bubble .
a man break a bottle with a sword .
a man break a slab of concrete that be lie on a prone man with a sledge hammer .
a man carry a sign while stand in the rain .
a man catch a fish .
a man chase a dog try to pass the barrier to enter a play area .
a man chop down a tree with an axe .
a man climb a cliff face .
a man climb a sheer cliff face .
a man climb up a rope .
a man crack an egg .
a man crouch and hold a camera .
a man cut a potato .
a man cut a tree with an axe .
a man cut butter into a mix bowl .
a man cut up potato .
a man dance on a colorful wall .
a man dive into a pool .
a man dive off of a cliff .
a man do a trick on skateboard
a man do floor exercise .
a man dress in a Santa suit be climb up a large concrete building .
a man drill a hole in a piece of wood .
a man drill wood .
a man drive a car .
a man drive his car .
a man dry his hand .
a man fish on a small boat while on a lake .
a man fold a tortilla .
a man follow his black and white dog as it take on an obstacle course .
a man get knock off of a horse .
a man go over a jump on his bike with a river in the background
a man gut a fish .
a man hold a small animal in one hand .
a man hold on to a handle in the water .
a man in a black hat stand in front of a brick wall and a sign
a man in a black leather jacket be sleep in a subway car .
a man in a black leather jacket fall asleep on public transportation .
a man in a black shirt be roller blade past a bench in the city .
a man in a black uniform on a white horse .
a man in a blue cap be sit on a stool under a tree .
a man in a blue shirt and tan pant be stand in front of a statue of a man , which be in a cobble stone pave plaza .
a man in a blue shirt be run in a stadium field .
a man in a football uniform be run with a football during a game .
a man in a gray shirt climb a large rock wall .
a man in a gray shirt sit in a field of flower .
a man in a gray suit lock up a bicycle
a man in a hat be play a harp .
a man in a hat sing a song .
a man in a jersey stand in front of a large crowd .
a man in a library be talk .
a man in a maroon bathe suit swing on a rope on a lake .
a man in a red jacket hold his bike for the picture .
a man in a red striped soccer shirt head a ball .
a man in a rowboat be row across blue water .
a man in a straw hat shade his phone while other walk on a busy sidewalk .
a man in a suit be stand at a microphone and singing .
a man in a tux on a white horse .
a man in a white suit walk down the street hold a newspaper .
a man in a white suit walk outside carry a newspaper .
a man in a yellow shirt wear a gold , sun - shape mask .
a man in an orange jacket raise his hand to the sky in the sand .
a man in black on a surfboard ride a wave .
a man in jean be play with a ball while a woman in jeans stand nearby look away .
a man in red and black be hit a soccer ball with his head .
a man in red short be walk along rock by a river carry a stick .
a man in swimming trunk be stand against some rock .
a man in warm clothe swinge on monkey bar at night .
a man in white with a wine bottle and a woman in a red turtleneck with a white vest .
a man in woman dress warmly pose for a picture .
a man jump his bicycle in the air between two rock .
a man jump into a wall .
a man jump off of one rooftop onto another .
a man jump onto a short wall .
a man jump while on a snowboard .
a man lay down and shoot a gun
a man lay on the ground and aim a rifle .
a man lie in a bed in a cluttered room .
a man lie on a street with his headand shoulder under a park car that be jack up .
a man lift weight .
a man look out the window .
a man make a bed in a hotel .
a man make a call on a cell phone .
a man on a bike do a very high jump .
a man on a bike in mid - air
a man on a bike nest to a river .
a man on a dirt bike jump very high .
a man on a motorbike jump with the sky behind he .
a man on a mountain bike go down an incline .
a man on ski on a snow - cover hill with mountain in the background
a man on the back seat of a red tandem bicycle .
a man open a can and pour the content into a bowl .
a man peel a potatoe .
a man peel an apple .
a man perform on a stage .
a man pick up a big rock .
a man play a guitar .
a man play a keyboard .
a man play a piano .
a man play a trumpet .
a man play a video game in a store .
a man play a white guitar and singing as well
a man play a wooden flute .
a man play an acoustic guitar .
a man play fetch with two brown dog .
a man play his white guitar .
a man play the drum .
a man play the flute .
a man play the guitar .
a man play the keyboard with his nose .
a man play the piano .
a man pop wheelie on a motorcycle .
a man pose in front of a large fountain with a statue on top .
a man pour a plate of shred cheese into a pot of sauce .
a man pour clean in his sink .
a man pour gasoline .
a man pour liquid into a pan .
a man pour oil into a pot .
a man pour oil on some tomato .
a man pour some cooking oil into a pot .
a man pour water over a pilot head .
a man pour wine in a pot .
a man push another man into the ocean .
a man put a knife in a vice .
a man put piece of meat into a plastic bag .
a man put season in a bowl of water .
a man put some cheese on a pizza .
a man put vegetable into a pot .
a man remove a couple of toaster scramble from a plastic packet .
a man remove food from a bag .
a man ride a horse .
a man ride a horse in slow motion .
a man ride a large black motorbike .
a man ride a mechanical bull .
a man ride a motorcycle while wear a black uniform .
a man ride a small bicycle .
a man ride a unicycle down a paved road
a man ride a water toy in the water .
a man ride a white horse .
a man ride a white horse in an arena .
a man ride his bike on the beach by the ocean .
a man ride off on a motorcycle .
a man ride on a three - wheeled wheelchair .
a man rise from a swamp .
a man rollerblade on a metal bar .
a man run with a truck .
a man seat be play the cello .
a man seat be play the guitar .
a man seat in a room be play the guitar .
a man sever the toe of an empty leather boot use a sword .
a man sharpen a pencil use a knife .
a man shoot a car .
a man shoot a shotgun .
a man show off a small monkey .
a man sing and play the guitar .
a man sit cross legge on a bed watch a small tv .
a man sit in a cluttered room .
a man sit look at a laptop computer on a messy table .
a man sit on a bed very close to a small television .
a man sit on a rock next to a fold deck chair and a fishing pole .
a man sit on the grass look toward the sky .
a man sit with fishing pole near a body of water .
a man skateboard on a half pipe .
a man slice potato .
a man slice through a bunch of water bottle with a knife .
a man spray another man with water from a hose .
a man spread butter on a big piece of bread .
a man stand astride a bike on a rocky trail by a lake .
a man stand in front of a train .
a man stand in the mountain watch a sunset .
a man stand next to a helmeted man on a motorcycle in an empty parking lot .
a man stand next to a yellow Corvette .
a man stand on a boat be pull another boat close by with a bamboo stick .
a man stand on a mountain , watch a plane .
a man stand on a platform in front of a silver train .
a man stare out a window .
a man swim underwater .
a man take a piece of pepperoni pizza out of a pizza box and put it on the lid after he close the box .
a man take a slice of pizza .
a man talk on his cell phone .
a man tie a noose .
a man tie his shoe .
a man try to read the paper .
a man wade in the water and watch a water fall .
a man walk a large black horse .
a man walk across a tight rope .
a man walk down a path .
a man walk down a staircase .
a man walk down the stair .
a man walk his cow down the side of the road .
a man walk toward a policeman stand in a crosswalk on a city street .
a man walk two dog in the city .
a man walk two dog on leash down the street
a man wear a black and white shirt jump on a dog back
a man wear a blue hat and shirt be ride a white horse .
a man wear a blue shirt make a grouchy face .
a man wear a grey jacket stand on the side of a street .
a man wear a hard hat remove his glass as he speak .
a man wear a orange vest be canoe in the blue water .
a man wear a shirt that say " Gigolo " be stand at a front desk area with his back to the camera .
a man wear a t - shirt that say " Gigolo " stand at the counter talk to someone .
a man wear a white suit hold a newspaper walk through the street .
a man wear an orange coat speak to another as they walk in the snow .
a man wear suspender and sunglasse leap up in the air with his arm and leg spread out to the side .
a man who have fall asleep on public transportation .
a man with a beard and a skullcap and a boy walk along the ocean 's shore .
a man with a messenger bag in front of a gray tile wall .
a man with glass and two plastic bottle in the foreground .
a man with glass be talk .
a man with long hair be look through a camera .
a mask man sing .
a medium sized brown dog be run through an open white wooded area .
a monkey be brush a bull dog .
a monkey be karate kicking at someone 's gloved hand .
a monkey be play drum .
a monkey be ride a bike .
a monkey be ride on a bus .
a monkey be swinge from limb to limb .
a monkey be swinge from tree to tree .
a monkey be tease a dog at the zoo .
a monkey be wade across a marsh .
a monkey be walk on a bed .
a monkey be walk through the water .
a monkey brush a dog .
a monkey pratice martial art .
a monkey pull a dog tail .
a monkey pull the tail of a dog .
a monkey push another monkey .
a mostly black train on a track .
a motorcycle park next to a car .
a motorcyclist crash on his motorcycle .
a multi - colored bird cling to a wire fence .
a multi - colored train on a track .
a multicolour dog in a red collar crouch on the grass .
a nationally board certify teacher with a master 's degree , Kelley , in his 30th year teaching , make $ 65,000 .
a nationally board certify teacher with a master 's degree , Kelley make a salary of $ 65,000 in his 30th year .
a new Cold War ?
a new beauty contest kicking off in Italy next week will give pixel - perfect pin - up the chance to steal sultry Sophia 's sex - symbol status .
a new study , conduct in Europe , find the medicine work just as well as an early dispute study , sponsor by ImClone Systems , say it do .
a new worm have be spread rapidly across the internet , sometimes pretend to be an e - mail from Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates , antivirus vendor say Monday .
a nuclear weapon explode in a desert .
a number below 50 suggest contraction in the manufacturing sector , while a number above that indicate expansion .
a number of suspect islamic militant with allege al - qaida link have be arrest in malaysia and singapore , and official state the militant ' network extend into indonesia .
a onion be be slice .
a orange and white cat asleep on a leather chair .
a orange and white cat lay on a blanket in a black leather chair .
a pair of dog play with a purple ball .
a panda be slide down a slide .
a panda bear be chew on a stick .
a panda bear be eat .
a panda bear be eat some bamboo .
a panda bear be lay down .
a panda dog be run on the road .
a panda slide down a slide .
a pankda be eat bamboo .
a passenger jet fly through the air .
a passenger jet sit on a runway .
a passenger train come into a station .
a passenger train in the snow .
a passenger train sit in the station .
a passenger train wait at the city train station .
a passenger train wait in a station .
a passer - by find Ben hide along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m. , with his hand still tape together but his foot free .
a passer - by find the boy hide along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m. Thursday , with his foot free but his hand still tape .
a person above their surfboard on the water .
a person be add chili powder to chili with bean .
a person be add food in a pan .
a person be add oil in the pan .
a person be blow torch camera .
a person be boil noodle .
a person be clean a disk .
a person be cut   boil egg into piece .
a person be cut a capsicum into piece .
a person be cut a meat .
a person be cut a potato .
a person be cut an onion .
a person be cut an onion into piece .
a person be cut garlic into piece with a knife .
a person be cut leave .
a person be cut mushroom .
a person be cut mushroom with a knife .
a person be cut some burrata cheese .
a person be descale a fish .
a person be dice an onion .
a person be diving into clear blue water .
a person be do pencil trick with his hand .
a person be draw .
a person be drive a car .
a person be drive a motorcycle on a road .
a person be dump chop vegetable into a pot on the stove .
a person be eat at a table .
a person be fold a piece of paper .
a person be fold a square paper piece .
a person be fry .
a person be fry a meat in the pan .
a person be fry meat in a pan .
a person be hitchhike on a road .
a person be hold a skunk .
a person be jump a bicycle and perform a trick .
a person be kick a soccer ball back and forth between his foot .
a person be make a bed .
a person be mix ingredient in a bowl .
a person be mix water and flour .
a person be out in the water at the beach while the sun set .
a person be peel a potato .
a person be peel an eggplant .
a person be peel an onion .
a person be perform a card trick .
a person be perform trick on a motorcycle .
a person be pet a monkey .
a person be play a guitar .
a person be play a keyboard piano .
a person be play a piano .
a person be play a piano keyboard .
a person be play the keyboard .
a person be play the piano .
a person be put salt and pepper on a piece of pork .
a person be quickly chop mushroom with a knife .
a person be ride a dirt bike in a race on a dirt track .
a person be ride a horse .
a person be ride a jetski in the wave .
a person be ride a skateboard in the air above a ramp .
a person be ride their bike on a trail next to the wood .
a person be rinse a steak off with water .
a person be skijore with a dog in the mountain .
a person be slice a bread piece .
a person be slice a carrot into piece .
a person be slice a garlic into piece .
a person be slice a meat into piece .
a person be slice a scallop .
a person be slice a shallot .
a person be slice a tomato .
a person be slice an onion .
a person be slice cantaloupe .
a person be slice carrot in half .
a person be slice octopu .
a person be slice onion .
a person be slice some meat .
a person be slice some onion .
a person be squeeze through an opening in the rock face .
a person be stand underneath an overpass near a highway .
a person be stir rice .
a person be surf .
a person be surf a large wave .
a person be tear paper .
a person be throw a cat on to the ceiling .
a person be walk down a stone path .
a person be write .
a person be write with a pencil .
a person break an egg into a small bowl .
a person check some rice pudding .
a person climb a snowy hill while a black dog follow .
a person climb up a snowy hill while their dog follow .
a person crash on a motorcycle .
a person cut a big green pepper apart .
a person cut an onion .
a person do the back stroke in a swimming pool
a person do trick on a bike on a ramp surround by tree .
a person dress in white on a brown horse .
a person fold a tortilla .
a person grate a potato into a bowl .
a person hold a net be stand in the water .
a person in a blue shirt recline near a coffee table and television .
a person in a red cap stand next to a brick support beam .
a person in a red vest be touch the blue ice skate on another person .
a person jump a motorbike in the air .
a person on a bmx bike .
a person on a snowmobile .
a person on a snowmobile in mid jump .
a person peel shrimp .
a person play a keyboard .
a person pour oil on a skillet .
a person pour some rice pudding into a bowl .
a person ride a dirt bike .
a person ride a dirt bike in the outdoor .
a person ride a mechanical bull
a person sit on a motorcycle while a man stand by .
a person ski down a snowy hill .
a person stand on a stage in front of a seated crowd
a person stand on the motorcycle seat and pop a wheelie .
a person stick their head out of a tent at the top of a mountain .
a person throw a cat in the air and it grab onto the ceiling .
a person throw a cat on the ceiling .
a person wear a bike helmet ride a bike on a path through tree .
a person wear a bike helmet talk on a cell phone .
a person wear a helmet ride a bike near a white structure .
a person wear a helmet sit on a bicycle on a sunny day .
a person with swim cap and goggle take a breath .
a pet playfully investigate the content of a gift bag .
a piece of paper be be cut .
a pig be agitate a lion .
a pitch tent with a horse in the background .
a plane be land on a runway .
a plane be readie for take - off .
a plane be take off .
a plane fly at a distance .
a plane fly near the sunset .
a polar bear be slide across the snow .
a policeman stand in a crosswalk in a city .
a poll release this week show that the FBI bugging of the mayor have give a boost to his re - election effort .
a poll show that the FBI bugging of the mayor have give a boost to his reelection effort against GOP opponent Sam Katz .
a pot of food be place in the center of a red tablecloth .
a pot of liquid be at the center of a tinfoil cover plate .
a potato be be peel .
a potted plant in sunlight from a window .
a potted plant with only a few sprouting .
a pretty white striped cat with his head hang off the table .
a pro - independence radical , Miodrag Zivkovic , of the Liberal Alliance , come in second with 31 percent of the vote .
a pug dog wit on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster .
a puppy be play with a tennis ball .
a puppy be push itself backwards .
a puppy be repeatedly roll from side to side while on its back .
a puppy be slide backwards along the floor .
a puppy run along a street .
a puppy with big ear chew on a stick .
a rabbi be talk .
a rabbit be kiss another rabbit .
a rabbit be run from an eagle .
a rabbit be sniff and paw a stuff rabbit .
a race car driver be drive his car through the mud .
a race care drive along a dirt road .
a race horse gallop without a rider .
a radio station have suspend two disc jockey for lock themselves in the studio and continuously play Dixie Chicks song , violate the station 's two - month - old ban on the group 's music .
a rat be run .
a rat like creature be smell around .
a reading above 50 suggest growth in the sector , while a number below that level indicate contraction .
a red , double - decker bus .
a red - haired woman be wear a black beret adorn with the american flag .
a red and blue plane fly with its landing gear down .
a red and gray train be go through a tunnel .
a red and gray train travel through a tunnel amongst the tree .
a red and white double decker bus be park .
a red and white race car race on a dirt racetrack .
a red bird be perch in a tree .
a red dog jump an catch a tennis ball in its mouth .
a red double decker bus be pick up more passenger in a city .
a red double decker bus drive down a street .
a red double decker bus on a city street .
a red double decker bus on a crowded street .
a red mope park on a sidewalk in front of graffiti .
a red sport car drive quickly on a track .
a red truck spin their tire while a black one leave the frame .
a report issue by security software vendor mcafee inc . , say government - affiliate hacker in china be at the forefront of a brewing cyber cold war .
a rhino be graze in a field .
a rider be run and jump her horse .
a rocket explode .
a room with a television , stereo and bookshelf .
a room with four computer monitor in a row .
a room with several computer and picture on the wall .
a room with tan wall and a washer and dryer .
a rooster peck at a dead mouse .
a row of locomotive on a siding in a field .
a rugby player in dark gear be carry a light colored rugby ball with arm outstretche .
a scantily clothe woman be stand next to a car .
a scantily clothe woman stand next to a small red vehicle .
a school bus be drive uphill on a rural road .
a school bus drive down a road with green tree and grass in the background .
a sea turtle be hunt for fish .
a second victim , Michael Walker , 23 , be strike in the torso , the bullet perforate his lung .
a seventh person , a 21 - year - old woman , be in critical condition in the burn unit at Akron Children 's Hospital .
a seventh victim , a woman , die Tuesday night in the burn unit at childrens Hospital Medical Center of Akron .
a sheep graze in a field .
a sheep stand in a forest .
a sheep stand in a mountainous area .
a sheep stand near her child .
a sheep stand on a hillside .
a sheep stand on a table at auction .
a shirtless man be sit on a chair .
a shirtless man catch a football
a shirtless man play football on a lawn .
a siamese cat rest on a white sofa .
a side view of a horse 's head .
a siemens spokesman in germany refrain from comment on the political aspect of the sale of the plutonium - process facility .
a siemens spokesman in germany state that heinrich von pierer state that gerhard schroeder state that gerhard schroeder be not against the sale of the plutonium - process facility in principle .
a siemens spokesman in germany state that heinrich von pierer state that siemen be begin talk with interested chinese party about a sale of the plutonium - process facility .
a siemens spokesman in germany state to the agence france - presse that siemen be confident about the outcome of the talk to sell the plutonium - process facility .
a silver AreoMexico Jet Liner sit on the tarmac .
a silver and blue Amtrak train on the track near a small train station .
a silver and blue motorcycle sit next to a car .
a silver bicycle be park in a living room .
a skateboarder attempt a trick on the side of a low wall .
a skateboarder do a trick on a stone wall .
a skateboarder do trick on a half - pipe .
a skateboarder jumping in the street .
a skateboarder ride up to a slope .
a skier be fall face first into the snow .
a skier be fall into the snow .
a skier go down the snowy hill .
a skier speed through the snow .
a skier stand on his hand in the snow in front of a movie camera .
a skier wear blue snow pant be fly through the air near a jump .
a slow loris bite a person finger .
a small animal be chew on a finger .
a small bird eat from the feeder .
a small bird on a tiny branch .
a small bird perch on an icy branch .
a small black and white goat in a pen look up at the camera .
a small black dog be in the grass .
a small boy be play with a dog .
a small boy in a bathrobe be sit in a metal chair .
a small boy lay on a sofa with a dog .
a small boy play in the snow .
a small brown bird be eat from a bird feeder hang from a tree .
a small cat lay on a wooden beam look up at the camera .
a small child in a pink dress sit on a table .
a small child in a yellow shirt be hold their arm out to the side .
a small child sit on a cement wall near white flower .
a small child smile at the camera .
a small desk with chair near a laundry closet .
a small dog be chase a yoga ball .
a small dog jump over a yellow beam .
a small dog jump over an obstacle .
a small dog look up at the camera while stand on grass .
a small dog run through an obstacle course .
a small dog wear a green sweater and a backpack walk through snow .
a small group of goat in the grass with a black and white dog in the backgroud .
a small guinea pig be gnaw and eat a piece of carrot on the floor .
a small kitchen and a cluttered table with a blue table cloth .
a small kitchen with item stack on the shelf and on the counter .
a small kitten be play a ball .
a small light tan dog be run past a large brown dog stand in the grass .
a small monkey walk through water .
a small orange and white dog with a collar and a bell relax on a flower print pillow .
a small plane park at an airfield with a cloudy sky overhead .
a small red and grey bird perch in a tree .
a small red car on top of a semi truck .
a small turboprop plane be load on the tarmac .
a small white and brown dog be jump over a horizontal pole .
a small white car park at the gas station .
a small white cat sit in a sink .
a small white cat stand in a sink .
a small white cat with glow eye stand underneath a chair .
a small white dog and large brown dog play on the grass .
a small white dog chew on a twig while lie on a wooden deck .
a small white plane park in an airport on a cloudy day .
a smile man and a baby girl pose for photo .
a smile man hold a small child wear pink and red .
a smile woman hold a small baby .
a smile woman with a beer sit outside with another smile woman .
a smile young woman in a tourquoise shirt and bandanna pose at table outdoors .
a snowboarder fly through the air .
a snowboarder jump into the air .
a snowboarder ride a snowboard down a railing beside a flight of step .
a soccer player be kick the soccer ball into the goal from a long way down the field .
a soccer player kick the ball into the goal .
a soccer player score a goal .
a society fray at the edge
a softball player swinge at a pitch .
a soldier be kill Monday and another wound when their convoy be ambush in northern Iraq .
a solenodon be walk along the ground .
a sour forecast from Sun Microsystems Inc. SUNW.O put more pressure on Wall Street before the quarterly earning season .
a spokesman at Strong Memorial Hospital say Doud be under evaluation Tuesday evening in the emergency room .
a spokesman for SCO could not be reach for comment this afternoon .
a spokesman for stockwell day be not immediately available for
a spokesman say : " since November , we have co - operate fully with the police .
a spokeswoman at Strong Memorial Hospital say Doud be in satisfactory condition Tuesday night .
a sport fan be wear face paint in the stand .
a squirrel be move in circle .
a squirrel be spin around in circle .
a squirrel run around in circle .
a squirrel run in circle .
a staff of 30 specialist will conduct research and training on cyber warfare .
a staff of 30 specialist will conduct research and training on cyber warfare and will be prepare to assist nato member with response to any future cyber attack .
a statement issue by the official spa news agency state that-- al - dosari be convict of drug trafficking .
a statement release by DEI say Green would begin drive the car on an interim basis begin next week in the Winston Open at Lowe 's Motor Speedway .
a steam engine and train move toward the camera .
a steam engine come down a train track near tree .
a striped cat lay down on a bag of cat litter .
a submarine be go through water .
a subway train pull into the station .
a surfer be ride a wave .
a surfer on a wave .
a swimmer be do the backstroke in the swimming pool .
a table and chair be in a room with a picture on the wall and a ceiling fan .
a tan and white dog lay in bed with a yellow coverlet .
a tan calf with a yellow tag on his left ear look at the camera .
a tan dog jump up to catch a tennis ball .
a tan dog lick a girl hand while lay down .
a tan dog with a black collar barking in the snow .
a tan puppy be hold and pet .
a tan puppy be pet .
a tattooed man in black play a white guitar and singing .
a teenage girl run on a beach shouting , with an old man walk behind she .
a television and a laptop computer be on in a hotel room .
a television in a messy room with several bookcase .
a television with a show on .
a tent and a campsite in a sunlit forest .
a three - judge panel of the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals rule late Friday that the small size , limited use and secular purpose make the image legitimate .
a three - judge panel of the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in St. Louis overturn a ruling issue last year that support the ordinance .
a tie man be put into water .
a tiger be walk around .
a tiger cub be make a sound .
a tiger try to climb the wall .
a tiny blonde child in a blue dress sit on a table near her mother .
a topless woman with her face paint be cover in mud .
a tortoise be walk .
a total of 17 case have be confirm in the southern city of Basra , the Organization say .
a total of 17 confirm case of cholera be report yesterday by the World Health Organisation in the southern iraqi city of Basra .
a toy train be strike a toy car .
a toy train strike a toy car .
a train be at a train station .
a train be on the railroad track .
a train be run down the track in a rural area .
a train be run on the track .
a train in a station .
a train on the train track .
a train park at a train station .
a train ride on his track .
a train sit on the track in a train yard .
a train sit on the track near a field .
a train travel down the track .
a trick bicyclist grind down a handrail .
a tropical storm rapidly develop in the Gulf of Mexico Sunday and be expect to hit somewhere along the Texas or Louisiana coast by Monday night .
a tropical storm rapidly develop in the Gulf of Mexico on Sunday and could have hurricane - force wind when it hit land somewhere along the Louisiana coast Monday night .
a truck be go down a hill .
a turtle be walk .
a victory Liner bus be white with red and gold stripe .
a video clip of Rihanna leave a taxi .
a visit to libya by the russian foreign minister be announce .
a wallaby be lick a woman 's hand .
a war in the middle east .
a wet black dog with a red collar be in the river
a wet child be shiver in a towel in front of a pool .
a wet child shiver under a towel at a pool .
a white Apple computer sit on the beige carpeting of a bedroom .
a white Jeep park on a street .
a white airplane be on a runway .
a white airplane be park on the cement .
a white and black dog be jump into a pool .
a white and black dog be run out of a yellow and orange tube .
a white and brown dog appear to be walk on the water .
a white and brown dog be play tug - o - war .
a white and brown dog be run over grass .
a white and brown dog play with a black toy .
a white and brown dog run in a field .
a white and red bus travel on the street .
a white animal run through snow cover wood .
a white bear walk along snow - cover ground and cast a shadow on the snow .
a white bus partially in the snow on a public street .
a white bus with the word Julia be near water and a big ship .
a white bus with water and a barge in the background .
a white cat perch on a small wooden cabinet be look outside the window .
a white cat stand on a carpet .
a white cat stand on the floor .
a white curly haired dog run with a stick in it 's mouth .
a white dog be stand by a river shake himself dry .
a white dog on a beach be carry a stick in its mouth .
a white dog run in the snow
a white dog run on a beach .
a white dog run on sand .
a white dog run on the sand .
a white dog run through a field of yellow flower .
a white dog run through a snow cover wood .
a white dog run through the snow
a white dog walk in the snow .
a white dog with red ear be run in the snow .
a white fluffy dog be run in pure white snow .
a white jeep park in front of a store .
a white lamb with its nose against a wooden box .
a white leather couch with a purse and throw blanket on it .
a white motorcycle be be ride around a race track .
a white plane on the runway .
a white sheep on a hillside look at the camera .
a white tour bus with red , orange and yellow stripe .
a white train pull into a station .
a woman , in a kitchen , peel a lemon .
a woman add ingredient to beef .
a woman and a dog stand in the grass .
a woman and small child sit at a dinner table smile at the camera .
a woman and three kid play at a park .
a woman at a dinner table write on her notebook .
a woman be abuse her child .
a woman be add an egg and stirring .
a woman be add ingredient to a bowl .
a woman be add oil on fish .
a woman be add oil to a dish .
a woman be add oil to a pan .
a woman be add pasta to a pot of water .
a woman be add sauce to some food .
a woman be add spice on a meat .
a woman be apply cosmetic to her face .
a woman be apply eye liner .
a woman be apply eye makeup .
a woman be apply eyeshadow .
a woman be attempt to ride a small wave .
a woman be bathe into bath - tub .
a woman be boil noodle in water .
a woman be boil shrimp .
a woman be bread some meat .
a woman be break a head of garlic into clove .
a woman be brush her foot .
a woman be brush some shrimp .
a woman be carry a kangaroo .
a woman be carry a wallaby in a bag .
a woman be chop a hard egg .
a woman be chop an onion .
a woman be chop broccoli .
a woman be chop broccoli with a knife .
a woman be chop garlic .
a woman be chop octopus .
a woman be chop onion .
a woman be chop some shiso leave .
a woman be chop up garlic .
a woman be clean a shrimp .
a woman be coat a pork chop .
a woman be comb her hair .
a woman be cook a bread pork chop .
a woman be cook broccoli .
a woman be cook fish .
a woman be cook shrimp .
a woman be cook something .
a woman be crack an egg .
a woman be crack an egg into a bowl .
a woman be crack egg .
a woman be crack egg into a bowl .
a woman be crack three egg into a bowl .
a woman be cut a carrot .
a woman be cut a cucumber .
a woman be cut a jalepeno .
a woman be cut a leak .
a woman be cut a lemon .
a woman be cut a plastic sheet .
a woman be cut a potato .
a woman be cut a red pepper .
a woman be cut a squash .
a woman be cut a tomato .
a woman be cut an apple .
a woman be cut an onion .
a woman be cut big pepper .
a woman be cut broccoli .
a woman be cut flower .
a woman be cut meat .
a woman be cut meat into piece .
a woman be cut potato .
a woman be cut scallion .
a woman be cut shrimp .
a woman be cut some flower .
a woman be cut some octopu .
a woman be cut some vegetable .
a woman be cut through an onion .
a woman be cut tofu .
a woman be cut up a carrot with a knife .
a woman be cut up a chicken .
a woman be cut up some meat .
a woman be cut vegetable .
a woman be dance .
a woman be dance and singe in the rain .
a woman be dance and singe with other woman .
a woman be dance by a fire .
a woman be dance in a cage .
a woman be dance in railway station .
a woman be dance in the rain .
a woman be dance in the street .
a woman be dance on a stage .
a woman be dance to music stand near a bonfire .
a woman be dance with other woman .
a woman be debone a fish .
a woman be deep fry food .
a woman be devein shrimp .
a woman be dice a potato .
a woman be do a joker make up on a man .
a woman be do ballet .
a woman be do her hair .
a woman be do weight exercise .
a woman be drink vodka .
a woman be eat a cupcake .
a woman be eat fish at a restaurant .
a woman be eat meat .
a woman be eat something .
a woman be exercise .
a woman be exercise her ab .
a woman be exercise with a barbell .
a woman be feed a man .
a woman be feed an aardvark .
a woman be feed her baby with a bottle .
a woman be file her fingernail with an emery board .
a woman be fire a rifle .
a woman be flip pancake .
a woman be flour and rolling dough .
a woman be fry a food .
a woman be fry fish .
a woman be fry meat .
a woman be fry shrimp .
a woman be fry something .
a woman be fry something in the pan .
a woman be get douse in green slime .
a woman be get her hair do at a salon .
a woman be grate carrot .
a woman be grate onion .
a woman be grill pineapple .
a woman be handle a frog .
a woman be hit a man .
a woman be hold a dancing baby up .
a woman be in the rain .
a woman be knead dough .
a woman be lie in a raft .
a woman be lie on a blanket on a rock and read a book .
a woman be list in good condition at Memorial 's HealthPark campus , he say .
a woman be make a bed .
a woman be make noodle .
a woman be make some food .
a woman be mince some garlic .
a woman be mix a cream in a glass with a spoon .
a woman be mix an egg in a bowl .
a woman be mix meat .
a woman be open a soda and drink it .
a woman be paint the face of a man .
a woman be peel a potato .
a woman be peel a tuber .
a woman be peel an apple .
a woman be peel an orange .
a woman be peel garlic .
a woman be peel potato .
a woman be peel shrimp .
a woman be pick a can .
a woman be pick tomato .
a woman be pick up a kangaroo .
a woman be place food in a pot of hot water .
a woman be place skewer onto a rack .
a woman be play a flute .
a woman be play a flute on stage .
a woman be play a game with a man .
a woman be play a guitar .
a woman be play a guitar on street .
a woman be play an acoustic guitar and singing .
a woman be play an electric guitar .
a woman be play flute .
a woman be play guitar .
a woman be play the flute .
a woman be play the violin .
a woman be pour batter into a bowl .
a woman be pour ingredient in a bowl .
a woman be pour ingredient into a fry pan .
a woman be pour water on fish .
a woman be powder her face .
a woman be pull some kind of sticky goo out of a bowl .
a woman be put gel on her hair .
a woman be put meat in a pan .
a woman be put on makeup .
a woman be read a lifestyle magazine .
a woman be rest in a float raft .
a woman be ride a blue bicycle in a park .
a woman be ride a donkey .
a woman be ride a horse .
a woman be ride a horse on a beach .
a woman be ride a motorize scooter down a road .
a woman be ride a seadoo .
a woman be ride a water scooter .
a woman be ride an elephant .
a woman be ride her bicycle .
a woman be ride on a horse .
a woman be ride on an elephant .
a woman be ridint a horse .
a woman be rock climbing .
a woman be row a boat .
a woman be run on the beach .
a woman be scrape a carrot .
a woman be season a piece of meat .
a woman be sew on a machine .
a woman be shoot a gun .
a woman be shoot off a gun .
a woman be shred chicken .
a woman be sit at a desk .
a woman be sit on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear .
a woman be slice a big pepper .
a woman be slice a carrot .
a woman be slice a cucumber .
a woman be slice a garlic .
a woman be slice a leek .
a woman be slice a lemon .
a woman be slice a meat into piece .
a woman be slice a onion .
a woman be slice a pepper .
a woman be slice a pineapple into piece .
a woman be slice a potato .
a woman be slice a pumpkin .
a woman be slice a red pepper .
a woman be slice a tomato .
a woman be slice an onion .
a woman be slice an onion with a knife .
a woman be slice big pepper .
a woman be slice butter .
a woman be slice carrot .
a woman be slice cucumber .
a woman be slice egg plant .
a woman be slice ginger .
a woman be slice mango .
a woman be slice meat .
a woman be slice meat with a knife .
a woman be slice octopu .
a woman be slice onion with a large knife .
a woman be slice partially into half of an onion .
a woman be slice potato .
a woman be slice pumpkin .
a woman be slice some onion .
a woman be slice some tuna .
a woman be slice some vegetable .
a woman be slice tofu .
a woman be slice tomato .
a woman be slice up some meat .
a woman be slice up some pork .
a woman be slip in the water - tub .
a woman be smoke .
a woman be speak in sign language .
a woman be squeeze a lemon .
a woman be squeeze juice out of a lemon .
a woman be squeeze some cucumber slice .
a woman be stir rice in a pot .
a woman be stir two egg in a glass bowl .
a woman be straighten her hair .
a woman be stroke a lemur .
a woman be swim .
a woman be swim in the beach .
a woman be swim in the water .
a woman be swim underwater .
a woman be swinge her arm .
a woman be take a bath .
a woman be take a shower .
a woman be talk on a telephone .
a woman be tap her finger .
a woman be tap her finger on a table .
a woman be use a sewing machine .
a woman be wake boarding on a lake .
a woman be walk along a road and a man in a motorcar pull up beside she .
a woman be walk on an open ground with a pet dog as some other dog follow they .
a woman be walk with a dog .
a woman be walk with a red bag .
a woman be wash a freezer .
a woman be wash her hand .
a woman be wash off the top of a freezer .
a woman be watch television .
a woman be water skiing on a lake .
a woman be wear a white headband , purple tank top and black glove .
a woman be wear headphone .
a woman be write .
a woman be write a letter .
a woman beat two egg in a bowl .
a woman boil egg .
a woman brush some shrimp .
a woman cover a piece of meat with flour .
a woman crack two egg into a glass bowl .
a woman cut a pineapple .
a woman cut a pink loaf with a knife .
a woman cut tofu into tiny piece .
a woman cut up a vegetable .
a woman cut up broccoli .
a woman cut up some meat .
a woman dance on a stage .
a woman dance while a man play the keyboard .
a woman dip a shrimp in batter .
a woman dress in green be play with her tan dog .
a woman dress in green be roller skating outside at an event .
a woman eat a large fish in a restaurant .
a woman fall on a sand castle .
a woman feed an animal by hand .
a woman fire a shotgun .
a woman fix her hair .
a woman grate onion .
a woman hold a baby while a man look at it as another man hold a child watch .
a woman hold a dog while another dog stand nearby in a field .
a woman hold a kangaroo .
a woman hold a newspaper .
a woman hold a small baby .
a woman hold a small baby on a skateboard at the beach
a woman hold a small baby while sit on a sofa .
a woman hold a small dog on a leash with chair in the background .
a woman in a bathing suit walk a dog on the beach .
a woman in a black and white coat and earmuff .
a woman in a black apron be stand in front of a mirror .
a woman in a black bikini top and jean .
a woman in a black dress smile in front of a silver truck .
a woman in a black hat be stand by the subway .
a woman in a black shirt stand in front of banana at a fruit stand .
a woman in a blue dress cut a cake .
a woman in a blue shirt and tan short sit at a table .
a woman in a gray shirt smile for the camera while the woman behind she make a face .
a woman in a red jacket be video tape a natural landscape .
a woman in a sari drink something while sit at a table .
a woman in an red tracksuit squeeze lemon in a press .
a woman in glass stand next to a cow in a field .
a woman in red overall stand on sidewalk .
a woman in ride a brown horse .
a woman jump hurdle on a horse .
a woman lay across two man sit on a sofa .
a woman lead a white horse .
a woman mix a beauty treatment in a glass .
a woman peel a potato .
a woman peel an apple .
a woman peel shrimp .
a woman pet a dog in a fence area .
a woman pet a dog in a gate yard .
a woman pick up a baby kangaroo .
a woman pick up a large rock .
a woman pick up and hold a baby kangaroo .
a woman pick up and hold a baby kangaroo in her arm .
a woman place a baby on a skateboard on the beach .
a woman place a container of noodle in a pan of water .
a woman place two egg into a pot of water .
a woman play on a flute .
a woman play the guitar .
a woman play with a brown dog .
a woman play with two young boy at a park
a woman pose in front of an apartment building in the snow .
a woman pose with a baby .
a woman put a baby in a trash can .
a woman put a garland over a man 's shoulder .
a woman put chop eggplant into a skillet .
a woman put ingredient in a whisked egg .
a woman put rice into a pan .
a woman put slab of meat in a pan .
a woman rapidly fire a handgun .
a woman read while on public transportation .
a woman relax in an inner tube .
a woman ride a bicycle on a large concrete area .
a woman ride a brown horse .
a woman ride a horse .
a woman ride a mountain bike on a large concrete area .
a woman ride an elephant .
a woman ride an elephant in front of an adore crowd .
a woman rub a baby 's leg .
a woman seat be singe a song and play the guitar too .
a woman serve volleyball over a net .
a woman shoot a shotgun .
a woman sing into a microphone by a guy play a guitar .
a woman sing into a microphone with a guitar player in the background .
a woman sit alone against a brick wall
a woman sit at a table drink with a basketball picture in the background .
a woman sit in a chair at Christmas holding make up .
a woman sit on a sofa hold a baby .
a woman slice a fish .
a woman slice a lemon .
a woman slice green pepper .
a woman slice lemon .
a woman slice tofu .
a woman spice some seafood .
a woman splash around in the ocean 's wave .
a woman split garlic clove .
a woman stand against a wall near a video camera .
a woman stand in front of a building in the snow .
a woman stand in front of tree and smile .
a woman stand next to a brown cow .
a woman stand with her arm out in a store while another woman hold a camera .
a woman swim underwater .
a woman thinly slice an onion with a large knife .
a woman toss a cat in the air , and the cat hang off a rod on the ceiling .
a woman walk her dog down the street .
a woman watch a dog jump down the stair .
a woman wear a bikini top and jean .
a woman wear a black and blue striped suit be surf on a wave .
a woman wear a navy dress be cut a cake on a white table .
a woman wear a pink shirt jump in the air with her arm and leg spread to her side .
a woman wear black stand in front of a pickup truck .
a woman wear jean , a dark bikini top , and a bracelet .
a woman who undergo such an abortion could not be prosecute under the bill .
a woman with a big necklace .
a woman with a black bag be smoke a cigarette
a woman with a knife be slice a pepper .
a woman with a surprised look on her face be hold a smile woman from behind .
a woman with a vike hat on .
a woman with a white horse .
a woman with a young girl pose with bear statue in front of a store .
a woman with her child .
a woman with two man in hat socialize outside .
a wooden bicycle with an awning .
a wooden table be set with candle , wine , and a purple plastic bowl .
a wooden yacht on the ocean .
a yellow and black bird eat from a bird feeder .
a yellow and blue airplane be fly in the sky .
a yellow and orange bird hold on to the side of a cage .
a yellow bird perch on a branch .
a yellow boat on shore .
a yellow dog be play in a grassy area near flower .
a yellow parrot cling to the side of its cage .
a yellow school bus be park in a rural area .
a yellow school bus park in a field .
a yellow shirted man wear a golden sun mask .
a young blonde girl in ride gear sit on top of a gray and white horse .
a young blonde girl wear a helmet sit with a red bicycle behind she .
a young boy and a young girl walk towards each other
a young boy be hold a guitar .
a young boy be play a wind instrument .
a young boy be practice his karate in a gym .
a young boy be punch a yellow ball .
a young boy be ride a bike .
a young boy be stand on a gray tile area .
a young boy be twist a sparkler around in the air .
a young boy color with a red and blue crayon .
a young boy in a blue soccer uniform chase a ball .
a young boy in a brown jacket play with snow .
a young boy in a white dress shirt be play on a grassy plain .
a young boy jump from one chair to another in his house
a young boy jump in the air at the beach .
a young boy jump into a pool with outstretched arm .
a young boy lay on a sofa with a dog .
a young boy play in a red ball pit .
a young boy pull another boy wear a silly hat in a radio flyer wagon .
a young boy ride a bike on a brick road
a young boy sing and play a guitar .
a young boy wear only green short pose awkwardly with a brick background .
a young child ride a horse .
a young child run along the shore at a beach
a young child slide down an orange slide .
a young female rider on a brown horse .
a young girl be on a ride at an amusement park .
a young girl be singe on a stage .
a young girl be sit on Santa 's lap .
a young girl be use sign language .
a young girl do a back flip in the water .
a young girl dress in a Minnie mouse outfit and an old woman walk down the sidewalk .
a young girl go down a tube slide .
a young girl hold up a peace sign .
a young girl in a pink dress with something in her hand .
a young girl lay on a blue inflatable toy
a young girl make her bed .
a young girl ride a brown horse .
a young girl ride a white and grey horse .
a young girl run on the beach .
a young girl swinge off a tire swing
a young girl wear a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background .
a young girl wear a hat and blue jeans be on a swing .
a young girl wear a helmet ride a pony .
a young girl wear purple run through water
a young girl with a pink hat on with a yellow building in the background .
a young girl with glass sit and hold two american flag .
a young man and woman sit on a bench outside be kiss .
a young man be dance .
a young man be do a ski jump with a purple board .
a young man be singe and play the piano .
a young man be singe while play the guitar .
a young man be talk to a leaf .
a young man in red swimming trunk jump off a large rock into the water .
a young man jump from one balcony to another .
a young man jump off rock into a lake .
a young woman , topless except for paint or mud .
a young woman be play a guitar .
a young woman be play the flute .
a young woman dress in black .
a young woman in a pink hoodie take a picture .
a young woman lean over her plate at a meal .
a young woman with a black purse sit on a wooden bench .
a young woman with a black top and a necklace .
a young woman with a bracelet be wear a bikini top and jean .
a young woman with a knit cap stand against the wall of a Domino 's Pizza .
a youngster be sit on a piano .
abduction teacher to be sentence
abe urge more assertive foreign policy for japan and the international community .
about 100 firefighter be in the bosque today , Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega say .
about 120 potential juror be be ask to complete a lengthy questionnaire .
about 20 family member of the victim be invite to the news conference .
about 22 % of twentysomething be obese , which be roughly 30 pound over a healthy weight .
about 31 percent of Americans be now obese — roughly 30 or more pound over a healthy weight .
about 38,000 OGE Energy Corp. customer be without power , the company say on its web site .
about 60 crush to Death in Ivory Coast Stampede
above that , Medicare would pay 90 percent of all drug cost .
above that , senior would be responsible for 100 percent of drug cost until the out - of - pocket total reach $ 3,600 .
abuja be the capital of
academic achievement -- include grade , test score and high school curriculum -- be give the high priority .
accord to Zimmerman he do .
accord to a news release send by the Terry Schindler - Schiavo Foundation , Florida Speaker Johnnie Byrd will introduce " Terri 's Bill " during the special session Monday .
accord to court document -- on 25 july australian television reporter peter lloyd face 3 new drug charge in singapore .
accord to law enforcement official , the individual decrypt password on the server .
accord to law enforcement official , the person arrest be a know sophisticated hacker .
accord to market research from the NPD Group , the number of people download music drop from 14.5 million in April to 10.4 million in June .
accord to report , Knight allegedly punch a parking attendant outside a Los Angeles nightclub .
accord to the Census Bureau , the hispanic population increase by 9.8 percent from the April 2000 census figure .
accord to the girlfriend and Zimmerman , he do .
accord to the statement the prototype rs-24 rocket be unlike the topol - m in that it be equip with multiple independently targetable warhead to overwhelm defense system .
accord to the statement the rs-24 reinforce the military potential of the strategic force to overcome anti - missile defense system .
across US , people rally for ' Justice for Trayvon '
activist have state that russia be imprison people without evidence of illegal activity .
activist say they fear the gathering be an attempt by corporate farming to push bio - engineer crop on starve country .
activist storm Syria embassy in Kuwait
add Mr. Prodi : " maybe , but the old age help we to understand our strength and our weakness . "
additional individual and entity be subject to an asset freeze .
additionally , the h2210 ’s cradle have room to charge a second battery .
adherence to non - proliferation obligation will enhance mutual trust and foster international cooperation in nuclear energy .
advance issue outnumber decliner about 8 to 5 on the New York Stock Exchange .
advancer outnumber decliner by nearly 8 to 3 on the NYSE and more than 11 to 5 on Nasdaq .
afghan drug trafficker be catch in tajikistan .
afghan legislator approve new election law
afghan parliament approve U.S. partnership
afghan parliament approve U.S.-Afghan security pact
afghan president approve new electon law
afghan president delay sign US deal
afghan president extend visit to Pakistan for Taliban talk
afghan suicide car bomb kill at least seven : official
afriforum state that the group would organize protest along the route to zimbabwe .
after 26 hour of surgery and a year of anticipation , the boy be separate Sunday at Children 's Medical Center of Dallas .
after Freitas ' opening statement , King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel recess trial until after the Thanksgiving weekend .
after Hedges ' microphone be unplug for a second time , Pribbenow tell he to wrap up his speech .
after Hughes refuse to rehire Hernandez , he complain to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission .
after post $ 3 million bail , Jackson fly to Las Vegas , where he have be work on a video .
after protester rush the stage and twice cut power to the microphone , Hedges cut his speech short .
after protester rush the stage and twice cut power to the microphone , Hedges draw the speech to an early close .
after talk at nato headquarters baluyevsky repeat russia 's opposition to u.s . plan to install antimissile defense in europe and dismiss u.s . assertion that the interceptor be need to defend against potential threat from iran .
after that , college President Paul Pribbenow tell he to wrap up his speech .
after the first meeting between leader of the european union and leader from albania , bosnia and herzegowina , croatia , macedonia and serbia and montenegro , leader from the western balkan country pledge to diminish organized crime and corruption in the balkan to meet requirement of european union membership .
aftra member approve the merger by a vote of 75.88 % to 24.12 % .
again , personal responsibility .
again , this be not a constitutional issue .
again I think you be miss the point on the Twain quote .
against the japanese currency , the euro be at 135.92/6.04 yen against the late New York level of 136.03/14 .
agent find more than 1,000 credit card and credit card duplicate machine during a search of Ragin 's address .
agribusiness : mad cow disease find in California
agriculture minister from more than one hundred nation be expect to attend the three - day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology sponsor by the U.S. Department of Agriculture .
ah ha , ha , ha , ha , ha !
ahmad be fight extradition to the united states and lodge a formal complaint allege that british police concoct intelligence report to implicate ahmad in terror activity and desecrate the koran .
ahmad lodge a formal complaint with the independent police complaint commission allege that british police concoct intelligence report to implicate ahmad in terror activity and desecrate ahmad 's copy of the islamic holy book the koran by put the koran on the floor during a search of ahmad 's home .
aid worker free in Afghanistan raid
air strike kill dozen in northern Syria
air strike wound civilian in Syria 's Deraa
airline cancel ' flytilla ' activist ' ticket to TA
algerian government party dominate election
algerian national turnout of parliamentary vote reach 44.38 pct
algerian president in France for medical test
algerian president in France for medical test after minor stroke
algerian priest to lecture about christian heritage in N. Africa
all 224 dead in russian airliner mystery crash
all eye on Capriles as Venezuela Election Set
all eye on khurshid‚äôs trip ...
all of the electrical energy come from the battery .
all of the electrical energy ultimately come from the alternator .
alleged cop killer die from gunshot
alleged cop killer die from shot to head
allegiant share rise $ 4 , or $ 17.2 percent , to $ 27.43 in Thursday morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
ally of Georgia 's billionaire pm to be president -exit poll
along with Boston , Watertown , Saugus and Framingham also be go smoke - free Monday .
along with chip maker Intel , the company include Sony , Microsoft , Hewlett - Packard , International Business Machines , Gateway , Nokia and other .
along with chipmaker Intel , the company include Sony Corp. , Microsoft Corp. , Hewlett - Packard Co. , IBM Corp. , Gateway Inc. and Nokia Corp.
alp attack : girl return to UK
alright just get in .
also , business throughout Utah be volunteer to display Amber alert on their sign .
also , who be to say there be not testimony from " real " health expert on there ?
also hurt be news General Motors GM.N be to issue $ 10 billion in debt , in part to plug a hole in its pension plan .
also miss be Al Larsen , 31 , of Fort Worth , Texas , who be in another vehicle sweep off the turnpike .
also weigh on the market be news that General Motors GM.N plan to issue $ 10 billion in debt , in part to plug a hole in its pension plan .
alstom be compete against japanese company shinkansen and german company ice for the contract .
alstom be in competition with japanese and german country for the contract .
alstom may sign a contract to build a high - speed rail link between beijing and shanghai .
although SATELLITE intensity estimate from TAFB and SAB be only t./
although obesity can increase the risk of a host of health problem , skeptic argue , so do smoking and high cholesterol , which be not consider disease .
although obesity can increase the risk of health problem , skeptic argue , so do smoking and high cholesterol .
alto huallaga be locate northeast of the capital lima .
amend regulation on dual - use nuclear technology will prevent nuclear terrorism .
american flag be wave .
american investigator wait to question arrest Boston bomber
american scramble to sign up for Obamacare by deadline
amnesty international 's report be compile by european and international non - governmental organization such as saferworld , which oppose armed violence .
amnesty international be a right group base in london .
amnesty international have publish a report state that an indian project to sell attack helicopter to myanmar threaten a european union arm embargo against myanmar .
among other thing , Microsoft be to comment on propose remedy in its response .
among the worker , the researcher find short worker have bad hearing than expect for their age .
among they be conversation between police , firefighter and other emergency worker , as well as medium inquiry .
among those wait a turn be Jodie Singer , a sixth - grader from Washington , D.C.
among three major candidate , Schwarzenegger be wine the battle for independent and crossover voter .
an Amtrak passenger train wait at a station .
an Apple computer sit on the floor .
an Esso gas station with tree in the background .
an FBI statement say legal proceeding be expect Monday in federal court in Baltimore .
an adult male wear a backpack walk and look to the left .
an aeromexico silver plane be on a runway .
an air plane be take off .
an airplane be fly in the air .
an airplane face the camera .
an airplane move along a runway .
an animal be walk .
an animal be walk on the ground .
an animal run in circle .
an asian toddler girl sit next to a pot of flower on a marble post .
an attorney for plaintiff schoolchildren say he plan to appeal .
an audiotape air last week by the Arab al - Jazeera television network may be the strong evidence yet that Saddam survive the war .
an elderly man be get into a red car .
an elderly man be speak at a podium .
an elderly man in a blue shirt be hold up a piece of canvas art .
an elderly woman be pour oil into a fry pan .
an elderly woman ride a bicycle along a city street .
an elderly woman stand in a kitchen with two cat at her foot .
an elderly woman walk uphill cross the street .
an elegant pink dining room with wooden furniture .
an ensue battle kill at least 10 militant .
an explosion be boom in the desert .
an hour later , an israeli helicopter fire missile at a car in Gaza City , kill two Hamas official and at least five other people .
an hour later israeli attack helicopter rain missile on a car in Gaza City , kill seven people , palestinian source say .
an indian government official speak on condition of anonymity .
an indian government official state that india do not attach much credence to report by amnesty international .
an infant sit on a cot reach over to touch the face of an old boy .
an injured woman co - worker also be hospitalize and be list in good condition .
an institute for public policy research report say there be 27 weak state that pose a threat to britain 's national security as the state could provide basis for terrorist .
an officer be talk to recruit .
an old Red London double decker bus with its hood raise .
an old fashioned wooden sailing ship in the ocean .
an old man be stand outside in front of a truck .
an old man in a black trench coat stand in a marketplace .
an old man stand outside a old board up building .
an old woman be shake hand with a man .
an orange kitten lie on a leather couch .
an orange tabby cat sleep on the sofa .
an orangutan be ride a bus .
an overweight man be skip rope .
an owl have its wing up and widespread during the day .
analyst ' consensus estimate from Thomson First Call be for a loss of $ 2.08 a share , exclude one - time item .
analyst have be expect a net loss of 54 cent a share , accord to Thomson First Call .
analyst have forecast second quarter sale of $ 614 million , accord to the Thomson First Call web site .
analyst poll by Thomson Financial First Call have be expect to see a loss of about 11 cent a share from continue operation .
anatoly sokolov announced-- soviet - build a-135 missile defense system around moscow be obsolete and inefficient .
and , Obama get zero credit for the budget under he .
and , globally , the number of active probable case have decline to 573 .
and I be your friend Mitt .
and I do not fight for marriage .
and I really like he , and I still do .
and I would forget what a whiny little bed wetter you be .
and Nugent be a complete fool to say what he say .
and a large part of the east coast .
and all of the sample contain molecule that can only be produce when cholesterol interact with ozone .
and here I think I know I some math .
and it can store more than a gigabyte of information - equivalent to 1,000 high quality image or around 12 hour of music - in just one cubic centimetre .
and moral and honesty have everything to do with it .
and now it be anything he want to say , " Alesha Badgley , Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director , say this week .
and now it be anything he want to say , " confirm Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director Alesha Badgley .
and part of the west coast .
and several Senate Republicans be cranky about the House map .
and that be happen in GOP control state .
and that be why you be yell at I and refuse to answer my question ?
and the simple fact today ?
and to be fair , do you notice the nonsensical thing you be say ?
and until they decide that , " the statute be presume constitutional . "
and video Seismic datum do not equal duration of collapse .
and when ask if he feel regret or guilt about the attack his answer be an adamant " no " .
and yes , Marilyn Monroe be definitely part of the story , title " Arthur Miller , Elia Kazan and the Blacklist : none without sin . "
and yet , the titanic story be the one that hold up to scrutiny of the evidence .
and you do not have to .
angry family demand answer after China plant fire kill 119
animal be play in water .
another 152,054 be from IP service company NTT / Verio , and 129,378 from InfoSpace , the survey find .
another big gainer be Rambus Inc. ( nasdaq : RMBS - news - people ) , which shoot 32 percent high .
another person , a man from Fort Worth , Texas , also be miss .
another rocket hit Eshkol ; no injury
another say its member would continue to call the more than 50 million phone number on the Federal Trade Commission 's list .
another shooting link to the spree occur Nov. 11 at Hamilton Central Elementary in Obetz , about two mile from the freeway .
anti - american Protests over Film Expand to nearly 20 country
anti - american fury sweep Middle East over film
anti - government protester storm the street of Kyiv
antonov speak the day before a conference on the conventional force in europe treaty .
any woman that want and abortion can get one .
any woman that want birth control can get it .
anyway , welcome back .
apple revenue miss again , iPhone disappoint
apple share hit hard on iPhone disappointment
apple stock plunge 11 % after earning disappointment
apple to pay $ 2.65 / share dividend , buy back $ 10b stock
appropriate deferment for the time , eh ?
archbishop of Canterbury to step down amid rift
arm smuggler and drug cartel abet terrorist .
arm smuggler and drug cartel must be eliminate from southeast asia .
army jet kill 38 militant in NW Pakistan air raid
arqule , Daiichi stop lung cancer trial , share tank
arqule stock plunge as lung cancer study shelve
arrest russian killer deny tie to Pussy Riot
arsenal v Stoke City ‚ Äď live !
as a result , 24 player break par in the first round .
as a result , Murphy seek to substitute Strier 's sister , Ethel Celnik , as the trustee .
as executive vice president of new venture , Elias will report to Joe Tucci , EMC 's president and chief executive .
as far as legality go I can use jury nullification .
as many as 30 people be believe to be trap inside initially , the state police say .
as of Tuesday , almost 250 health - care worker be in quarantine .
as of Wednesday , there be 65 probable SARS case in the Toronto region .
as of this week , 103 human West Nile case in 45 county have be report to the health department .
as of yesterday , the total number of National Guard and Reserve troop call to duty worldwide stand at 154,603 .
as part of his deal , Mr. Delainey have agree to cooperate in the continue investigation .
as to would I kill   person to save , I have no idea .
asia stock fall ahead of greek debt deal deadline
asian Muslims celebrate Eid as 14 kill in Afghanistan
asian Muslims celebrate Eid as 52 die in Pakistan , Afghanistan
asian market gain on upbeat US economic datum
asian market hit 3 - wk high on hope of US debt deal
asian market lift by positive US , China datum
asian market mix on China trade datum
asian market slump on central bank stimulus fear
asian share rally after string of upbeat datum
asian stock hit three - week high on hope of U.S. debt deal
ask if he feel any regret about theOctober 12 attack , the answer be an adamant " no " .
aspen Technology 's share drop 74 cent , or 23 percent , to close at $ 2.48 on the Nasdaq .
assange appeal extradition to UK 's top court
assange to appeal extradition to UK 's top court
assembly meet amid Chavez crisis
asteroid pass Earth in fly - by
asteroid zip between earth and satellite
astrazeneca pay $ 4.1bn to buy Bristol - Myers Squibb out of diabetes alliance
astrazeneca to buy Bristol out of diabetes venture for up to $ 4.1 billion
at 11 a.m. ( 1500 GMT ) , the 10 - year note US10YT = RR be up 11/32 for a yield of 3.36 percent from 3.40 percent Wednesday .
at 11 a.m. EDT , Fabian 's center be near latitude 18.1 north and longitude 53.2 west , or about 550 mile east of the Leewards .
at 5 p.m. EDT , Grace 's center be near latitude 25.6 north , longitude 93.7 west or about 280 mile east - southeast of Corpus Christi .
at Least 22 Dead after China Earthquake
at Least 47 kill in Baquba blast
at Least 66 kill in Bomb Blasts in Iraq
at Tuesday 's arraignment hearing , Marsh plead not guilty to 122 count of burial service fraud and 47 count of make false statement .
at Wednesday 's summit , Abbas pledge to end the " armed intefadeh , " renounce " terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be " and allude to the disarming of militant .
at least 1 dead , 40 hospitalize in Southwest heat wave
at least 100 dead as typhoon batter Philippines
at least 11 kill in India building collapse
at least 11 more case in Indiana and three in Illinois be suspect .
at least 13 kill in triple car bombing in Iraq 's Diyala
at least 18 kill in Iraq mosque bombing
at least 18 kill in North Caucasus train station blast
at least 18 kill in afghan bomb attack : official
at least 20 dead in Somalia attack
at least 20 kill in Syria Saturday
at least 200 kill in Bangladesh building collapse
at least 33 dead as big quake hit Pakistan
at least 45 kill in Spain train crash
at least 47 iranian exile kill at Iraq 's Camp Ashraf
at least 5 kill in sectarian conflict in north Yemen
at least 6 dead in Canada bus , train crash
at least 6 dead in Paris train crash
at least 60 die in Iraq prison attack
at least 63 dead in Pakistan factory blaze
at least 73 die in egyptian soccer pitch invasion
at least 80 dead in northwest Iran quake
at least 89 dead in China earthquake
at least Mexico have a presence in California .
at least six Dead in Pakistan Gunfight
at least six dead in US shooting rampage
at least two Nato kill in Afghanistan helicopter crash : military
at least two kill in southern Egypt clash
at one of the three sampling site at Huntington Beach , the bacteria reading come back at 160 on June 16 and at 120 on June 23 .
at the Casa de Espaa , customer be eat dinner and play bingo when a bomb go off .
at the accident scene , the driver be " cover in blood " but help to remove child , Wood say .
at the hearing he plead not guilty to the burial service fraud and false statement charge .
at the service Morrill 's widow , Ellie , sob and hug Bondeson 's sister - in - law as people console she .
at the state scientific center of apply microbiology there be every kind of deadly bacteria that be study for use in the secret biological weapon program of the soviet union .
at un assembly chinese government urge increase effort toward global arm control and disarmament .
atomic theory be not an opinion , not a belief .
attack in Iraq kill general and 4 other
attorney for both the archdiocese and the plaintiff begin meet last week to reach the out - of - court settlement .
aussie surfer find stricken asylum seeker
aust share up 1 % after interest rate cut
aust stock open low
australian among four on plane miss in Indonesia
australian icebreaker arrive in East Antarctica for new rescue bid
australian pm Gillard oust in leadership vote
australian pm Gillard set to win leadership challenge
australian pm Kevin Rudd call election for 7 September
australian pm Rudd call Sept. 7 poll
australian pm confident sound be from Flight 370
australian pm defiant under pressure over leadership
australian pm insist no argument with Indonesia
australian pm say ' very confident ' signal be from black box
australian researcher believe they have find a trigger of type 1 diabete in child - their mother eat potato and other tuberous vegetable during pregnancy .
australian television reporter peter lloyd face 3 new drug charge in singapore .
australian unemployment up to 5.1 percent
austrian find hoard 56 steal skull in home museum
austrian man charge after 56 human skull be find at his home
authority in Ohio , Indiana and Michigan have search for the body .
avenger set box office record
aye but they be responsible to their constituent .
bae system be the uk 's large defense company .
bae system be the uk 's large military
bahrain court uphold sentence against uprising leader
bahrain race go ahead amid unrest
bahrain reject activist ' appeal
bailout term prompt run on Cyprus bank
bam be a city in southeastern
ban to review Syria chemical arm accord
bangladesh : Crackdown escalate ahead of Election
bangladesh : Fugitive sentence to Death by War Crimes Tribunal
bangladesh build disaster death toll pass 500
bangladesh building collapse : death toll climb to 580
bangladesh court sentence first lawmaker to death for war crime
bangladesh factory owner arrest
bangladesh factory owner arrest as death toll near 350
bangladesh garment factory collapse kill 149
bangladesh garment factory fire ' kill 8 '
barclay hit by fresh U.S. investigation
barclay hit by fresh US probe
base on a separate survey of household , the unemployment rate fall in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent .
be Madeleine McCann Still Alive ?
be Ted Bundy a partial psychopath ?
be drunk be unacceptable .
be even bad than talk about it and not do anything .
be in a gang be not a crime .
be it in the food supply ? " say David Ropeik , director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis .
be it legal to grow ?
be it possible his home be affect and the school be not ?
be not that redundant and repetetive ?
be that how it work ?
be there a test to own a firearm in the US ?
be you drive a fucking volt ?
be you drive one ?
because the people have awaken .
beef burger mix recall over salmonella concern
before it be remove , the site list in break English the rule for hacker who might participate .
beijing police apprehend more than 20 people in suspicion of use and traffic drug in 2 downtown bar .
beijing police apprehend more than 20 people include 8 foreigner in suspicion of use and traffic drug in 2 pub in a popular downtown area .
belgian King Albert II to step down in favor of son
belgian Prime Minister send condolence to victim
belgian king to address nation amid abdication speculation
berlin will host top - level meeting in october to save key european arms control treaty conventional force in europe ( cfe ) .
besides Hampton and Newport News , the grant fund water testing in Yorktown , King George County , Norfolk and Virginia Beach .
besides a sale slump , Siebel be spar with some shareholder over management stock option windfall .
besides battle its sale slump , Siebel also have be spar with some investor upset about huge stock option windfall company manager have pocket .
beta version of Nterprise Linux Services be expect to be available on certain HP ProLiant server in July .
between 1960 and 2000 , however , the state 's population grow by 30.4 percent to 6,080,485 .
between 1993 and 2002 , 142 allegation of sexual assault be report .
bienging be unaccptable .
bird eat from a bird feeder .
bird sit on a log in a lake .
birthday of DPRK to be celebrate in Peru
black and white cat lie under bush .
black and white cat sleep on a brown tarp .
black and white cow behind a fence .
black and white cow stand in grassy field .
black and white dog in living room stand on hind leg .
black and white photo of couch with purse at one end .
black and white picture of a cat lay on a rug .
black bird sit on a concrete slab .
black cow walk under tree in pasture .
black democratic leader be try to arrange a meeting with Democratic National Committee Chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoff of 10 minority staffer at party headquarter .
black train idle on the track .
black train on train track .
blast kill 10 young girl in eastern Afghanistan
blast kill 11 in northwestern Pakistan
blast kill nine in southern Afghanistan : official
blast near Iran embassy in Beirut
blix be visit new zealand and say that it be essential that great effort be make to eliminate nuclear arm and weapon of mass destruction .
blix state that it be essential to increase effort to eliminate nuclear arm and weapon of mass destruction .
blue chip edge lower by midday on Wednesday as a wave of profit warning drain some of the optimism that have drive a rally over the past three month .
body find at russian Jet Crash in Indonesia
body of MH17 crash victim fly to Netherlands
body of miss israeli teen find in West Bank
body of miss south korean shipping tycoon find in field
bollywood cut cost as rupee crisis bite
bollywood cut cost by a third as rupee collapse bite
bomb attack kill 20 in Baghdad 's christian area
bomb blast before indian opposition rally kill 4
bomb blast rock shopping mall in Nigeria , 12 kill
bomb explode at Athens shopping mall , 2 wound
bomb explode at Greek shopping mall , two people injure
bomb in Thailand kill 14 , wound 340
bomb in southern Thailand kill 5 , wind 50
bomb kill 18 civilian in Afghanistan
bomb kill 35 in Baghdad Christian Area
bomb kill three in northwest Pakistan
bomb kill two people , wound dozen at Boston Marathon
bomb threat force evacuation at Princeton
bomb wound 16 in eastern Afghanistan
bombing , clash as Syria opposition seek arm
bombing , clash continue in Syria
bombing aim at Hezbollah Hits Southern Beirut
bombing occur in afghanistan as attack by anti - government insurgent increase in recent day .
bond bull would like the Fed to recognize that risk be bias toward economic weakness .
bone fragment ' could be King Alfred '
book to help Kids talk about Boston Marathon News
both Counterpane and iDefense contend that the exploit work effectively against Windows 2000 system run Service Pack 3 and 4 .
both be be hold in the Armstrong County Jail .
both device implement the v1.2 standard 's eSCO facility to provide the basis for new cordless telephony application .
both rebel and government force , include those loyald to Taylor , have be accuse of pillaging village in Liberia 's countryside despite a peace deal .
both rebel and government force have be accuse of pillaging village in Liberia 's countryside despite the peace agreement .
both study be publish on Thursday in Nature , the british weekly science journal .
both tajikistan and uzbekistan share a border with afghanistan and have experience raid by taliban - back islamic militant in recent year .
boy Scouts of America delay vote on lift ban on gay
boy and girl run along the beach .
boy be dance in front of people .
boy do trick on a skateboard
boy feed a sheep .
boy in tan hat laugh while sit near playground equipment .
boy lay on couch with dog .
boy with glass type on a computer .
bradley triumph at Firestone as Furyk fade
brazil 's strategic affair minister roberto mangabeira unger state brazil 's new national defense plan call for establish partnership with country include russia and france to build a state - of - the - art weapon industry .
brazilian leader hold crisis talk on street protest
brazilian police surround slum north of rio de janeiro to rid they of violent drug trafficker .
breivik drop far - right salute in court
brief clash with police in Belfast
britain have strike an agreement to supply saudi arabia with typhoon jet in a deal worth an estimate 8 billion pound ( about 13.9 billion us dollar ) .
britain provide fuel tank and gearbox .
british Christians take complaint to european court
british Nobel - win Author Doris Lessing die
british Prime Minister condemn murder of teen
british gold rush silence gripe over cost
british pm push Sri Lanka on war crime
british police arrest 21 people early Tuesday in connection with the suspect ritual murder of an african boy whose torso be find in the Thames River .
british soldier kill in Afghanistan
british soldier kill in southern Afghanistan
british soldier shoot dead in afghan ' insider attack '
british stuntman die in wingsuit mishap in Alps
british stuntman fall to his death in wing suit mishap
briton release after kidnap in Egypt 's Sinai -source
brother of EastEnders actress Gemma McCluskie be charge with her murder
brown and white cow stand in grass at side of road .
brown cow with horn stand in a field .
brown dog run on grass .
brown dog splash into the water .
brown horse stand in middle of grassy field .
bruguiere stated-- restrain extremist group particularly across europe be become increasingly difficult because of how the group be finance .
btw he have appropriate deferment for the time .
build collapse in India ; 25 fear trapped
bulgaria be locate on the southeastern part of the balkan peninsula .
bulgarian police arrest head of drug trafficking group .
burial of Boston bombing suspect appear legal
business news and market : as it happen , April 17 , 2013
business news and market : as it happen , June 20 , 2013
but Adora Obi Nweze , the NAACP state president , say the state only try to prove its conclusion of suicide , rather than consider the possibility of murder .
but Forest , the Freedom Organisation for the right to enjoy Smoking Tobacco , say : '' mention the word prohibition and everyone know what happen there .
but I would rather be talk about high standard than low standard . "
but Itar - Tass news agency say four of his bodyguard be among those kill by the bomb .
but Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich say the " somewhat ambiguous ruling " by regulator might be a setback for Static Control depend on how it develop its compete product .
but Mr. Crosby tell the Associated Press : " right from the beginning , we do not want to see anyone take a cut in pay .
but Senate criticism of the House plan Tuesday come on several front .
but U.S. troop will not shrink from mount raid and attack their foe when their location can be pinpoint .
but White House spokesman Ari Fleischer say yesterday : " the step the Iranians claim to have take in term of capture al - Qa'ida be insufficient . "
but american troop will not shrink from mount raid in the location of their foe that can be pinpoint .
but at age 15 , she have reach 260 pound and a difficult decision : it be time to try surgery .
but at the age of 15 , she weigh a whopping 117 kg and come to a difficult decision : it be time to try surgery .
but butterfly expose to an early light cycle , from 1 am to 1 pm , orientate themselves towards the south - east .
but butterfly house under an early light cycle , 1 a.m. to 1 p.m. , fly toward the southeast .
but church member and observer say they anticipate that the decision here could pose doctrinal problem for some Episcopalians who believe the Bible prohibit homosexuality .
but church member and observer say they expect that the decision could be problematic for many Episcopalians .
but company official expect the cost of the replacement work to run into the million of dollar .
but do you actually believe there be an iceberg in those water ?
but he be the only candidate who have win national labor endorsement so far , pick up his 11th on Tuesday .
but he be the only candidate who have win national labor endorsement so far , pick up his 11th union on Tuesday when the United Steelworkers of America endorse he .
but he say every level .
but in the news broadcast I have see they do call he white .
but it be clear that the Joint Intelligence Committee be not involve .
but it seem it would have less " impact " if they do not call he white .
but neither he nor Peace Rules could keep Funny Cide from draw away .
but okay , ultimate sovereignty ?
but other source close to the sale say Vivendi be keep the door open for further bid in the next day or two .
but other source close to the sale say Vivendi be keep the door open to further bid and hope to see bidder interested in individual asset team up .
but she do not say whether she will certify the two - year $ 117.4 billion budget for 2004 - 05 .
but software license revenue , a measure financial analyst watch closely , decrease 21 percent to $ 107.6 million .
but the FBI never keep tab on al - Bayoumi - even though it have receive information that he be a saudi agent , the document say .
but the US insist it want more do to prevent complaint be file in the first place , preferably by repeal the entire law .
but the bureau never keep tab on al - Bayoumi — despite receive prior information he be a secret saudi agent , the report say .
but the cancer society say its study have be misuse .
but the inadequate performance of student in various subgroup , such as race , push the state onto the need - improvement list under the federal no child Left Behind Act .
but the inadequate performance of student in various subgroup tag the state as deficient under the federal no child leave behind act .
but the justice rule that the police supervisor who repeatedly question Martinez do not violate his Fifth Amendment right in do so .
but the justice rule that the police supervisor who repeatedly question Mr Martinez as he scream in pain do not violate his Fifth Amendment right .
but the official later revise the number and say about 250 have be arrest at some 60 store .
but the prime minister tell the BBC he be not bother by poll and that he would continue to do what he believe to be right .
but they do not realize that until it be too late ( of course ) because they be potential victim .
but they do not realize that until it ’ too late ( of course ) because they ’re potential victim in a horror movie .
but we can not do it without help .
buwhahahaha Breathe in , Breathe Out , move on .
by 2040 , retiree will account for a third of the population , up from a fifth today .
by late afternoon , the Dow Jones industrial average be up 12.81 , or 0.1 percent , at 9,331.77 , have gain 201 point Monday to its high level since July 2002 .
by law , 911 call be not public information in Rhode Island .
by state law , 911 call be not public information and be not release .
cabinet at war over arm syrian rebel
caldera acquire the Unix server software of the original SCO and change its name to the SCO Group .
cambodia and vietnam finalize an agreement to stop asian and european drug trafficker .
cambodian opposition leader Sam Rainsy return to stir up election
cambodian opposition reject Hun Sen election win
cameron to hold talk with Sturgeon on UK future
camouflage airplane sit on grassy field .
can he really make mone from google ad sense .
can the U.S. trust Syria to hand over chemical weapon ?
canadian Muslims issue fatwa against ' honor kill '
canadian freight train blast death toll hit three , to rise
canadian government ' monitor ' train blast situation
canadian release in Egypt , not yet head home
candy - thank for start we off today .
capital gain , top rate :   percent .
capital offence in iran include murder , rape , armed robbery , serious drug trafficking and adultery .
capital offense in iran include murder , rape , armed robbery , apostasy , blasphemy , serious drug trafficking , repeat sodomy , adultery , prostitution , treason and espionage .
capital offense in iran include murder , rape , armed robbery , serious drug trafficking and adultery .
capital offense in saudi arabia include rape , murder , apostasy , armed robbery and drug trafficking .
captain of capsize S Korean Ferry Arrested
captain of sunken south korean ferry arrest
car , driver plunge into river after Wash. I-5 bridge collapse
car Bomb Wounds 15 in Hezbollah Stronghold in Lebanon
car Bombs kill 58 in iraqi Capital
car bomb Kills 37 in Northwest Pakistan
car bomb at swedish consulate in Libya 's Benghazi , no casualty
car bomb hit Swedish Consulate in Benghazi , None Hurt
car bomb hit libyan Foreign Ministry in Benghazi
car bomb in northern Syria kill 20
car bomb in northern Syria kill at least 12
car bomb kill 20 in northwest Syria
car bomb kill 20 in turkish town near syrian border
car bomb kill 40 in northwest Pakistan
car bomb kill at least 49 in Iraq
car bomb kill four in Hezbollah Beirut bastion : minister
car bomb kill one and wound five in Benghazi
car bomb rock Hezbollah stronghold in Lebanon
car bombing kill 13 civilian in iraqi capital
car bombing kill 14 in northern Iraq
car bombing kill 17 in Pakistan
car bombing kill 53 in Damascus
car drive near a model building .
car plunge into river as US bridge collapse
car race on a dirt track
carney set high bar to change at Bank of England
carney set high bar to change at BoE
cash - rich Apple to pay dividend , buy back share
central African Republic president overthrow by rebel
chief financial officer Andy Bryant have say that hike have a great affect volume than official expect .
chief merchandising officer oversee the buying and development of merchandise , decide the merchandise direction of the company , or basically what it should stand for .
child be play in a swimming pool while two adult man watch they .
child jump on a trampoline .
child play fight with sword .
child play in a pool while adult look on .
child slide in the snow .
childcare ' cost £ 15,000 a year '
childcare cost rise by nearly 6 %
china 's cabinet the state council announce that it will amend regulation on " dual - use " nuclear technology to prevent nuclear terrorism .
china 's council of agriculture open a special office in charge of agricultural technology transfer and intellectual property right management and consultancy to enhance development of china 's knowledge - base agriculture and application of agricultural technology .
china be a member of the ballistic missile club .
china be a nuclear power and member of the u.n . security council .
china be a permanent member of the un security
china be an important force for promote world development .
china be an important force for safeguard world peace .
china be north korea 's close ally .
china have always oppose the proliferation of weapon of mass destruction .
china have be praise by the international community for effort to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue .
china have be praise especially by the asia - pacific state for effort to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue .
china have so far balk against united states pressure on china to stop and search north korean ship .
china have state that the united states pressure on china to stop and search north korean ship could trigger military clash .
china stress that opposition of weaponization and an arm race in outer space .
china will resolutely oppose the mean of the delivery of mass destructive weapon .
china will resolutely oppose the proliferation of mass destructive weapon .
chinese activist renew call to fight injustice
chinese authority be not immediately available for comment .
chinese court uphold death penalty for Mekong murderer
chinese envoy rebut Vietnamese , philippine accusation over South China Sea
chinese foreign ministry spokesman qin gang be ask to respond to cheney 's speech on china 's military development .
chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman jiang yu state that cyber hacking be a global issue .
chinese general 's son get 10 year jail for rape
chinese icebreaker change course towards suspicious object
chinese military reach out amid South China Sea tension
chinese premier meet indian vice president
chinese president arrive in Netherlands for state visit , nuclear summit
chinese president arrive in Venezuela for state visit
chinese president conclude state visit to Denmark
chinese president meet Greek pm , call for strong partnership
chinese president meet U.S. state secretary
chinese president meet indian vice president
chinese satellite spot large object in search area
chinese search plane find ' suspicious object '
chinese share close high Friday
chinese share close high Tuesday
chinese share close low Wednesday
chinese share close lower on Wednesday
chinese stock close high Thursday
chinese stock close high midday Friday
chinese stock close low Thursday
chinese stock fall after rrr cut - May 14
chinese stock gain at midday Monday
chinese stock higher at midday Friday
chinese stock open high Thursday
chinese stock open low Wednesday
chinese stock open mixed Wednesday
chinese tourist abduct from Malaysia
chinese vice premier meet australian Governor - General
chinese yuan weaken to 6.2816 against usd
choc powder recall over salmonella concern
civilian , defector kill in Syria , say NGO
claim about trayvon 's character and when do I do that ?
clash as Greeks protest against more cutback
clash continue between police and protester in Turkey
clash erupt as greek vote near
classic crossword - Saturday 1st June
classic crossword - Saturday 20th April
classical Gas we be all vessel fill with many wonder .
close - up of a hummingbird .
close - up of young horse walk next to a large horse .
close Eric Gagne earn his 17th save in as many opportunity as he strike out three of the four batter he face in the ninth .
close cooperation between regional law enforcement agency and intelligence service be at the heart of the fight against terrorism , he say .
close up image of a sheep with it be tongue hang out .
close up of a bottle of water .
close up of a brown horse with a blue halter .
close up of a white sheep with a black head .
close up of the headlight on a blue car .
close up of the rear of a red sport car .
closed road in Armenia
colgate share be down 30 cent at $ 56 in morning trade on the New York Stock Exchange .
colgate share close Monday at $ 56.30 on the New York Stock Exchange .
colourful support at World Cup in Brazil
come and get I , say Thai protest leader as anti - government riot grow
commerce secretary to take leave of absence
commercial release of the 2.6 kernel by major Linux distributor still remain month away .
commit a crime in a gang be a crime .
communist rebel ambush philippine police , kill 7
communist rebel kill eight philippine police
complicate the situation be the presence of battle - harden Liberians who have be fight on both side .
congratulation on be name Time magazine 's Person of the Year .
congregant of Turner Monumental AME Church say Shelia Chaney Wilson , 43 , be agitate when she come to the church , in the Kirkwood neighborhood on the city 's east side .
conman dress as woman steal cash
consumer still would have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set .
convict child molester Brian DeVries speak out in response to community outrage Wednesday afternoon after register as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department .
corpse of 53 man find South of Baghdad
costa Concordia captain to be try for manslaughter
costa Concordia survivor detail experience one year later
could be a lot of thing .
could be a simple mistake .
could this have be an enema ?
council tax have not council tax be freeze for most people ?
country - music station KKCS have suspend two disc jockey for play song by the Dixie Chicks in violation of a ban impose after one group member criticize President George Bush .
county with population decline will be vermillion , Posey and Madison .
couple get marry in Britain 's first Scientology wedding
couple marry in the UK 's first Scientology wedding
couple sail in a small sailboat .
couple with newborn baby .
court in Bahrain reject medic ' last rally appeal
court official tran dao state the 12 people be among 29 people convict by the quang ninh people 's court of participate in a drug ring that traffic heroin from vietnam to china .
court order political ban on Italy‚Äôs Berlusconi
court uphold death sentence for Mekong murderer
cow graze in a snow cover field .
cow walk under the tree in a pasture .
crash of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 in Eastern Ukraine
crimean force storm ukrainian navy headquarter
critic say the law violate civil liberty , something House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner , R - Wis. , say he be sensitive to .
crocodile victim 's body recover
crowd , Dignitaries Gather for Mandela Memorial Service
crowd Gather in Bethlehem for Christmas
cryptic crossword - Saturday 27th April
cub outfielder Sammy Sosa be suspend for eight game by major league baseball Friday for use a cork bat .
custody , image at stake in Cruise - Holmes divorce
customer include Mitsubishi , Siemens , DBTel , Dell , HP , Palm , Philips , Sharp , and Sony .
customer that pay the $ 1,219 entrance fee get sms 2003 with 10 device client access license .
cyber attack be consider a grow threat to military and civilian computer network .
cyclone formation be not expect during the NEXT   hour .
cyclone leave trail of destruction in India
dalmation run along the beach .
deadline pass with no new Iran sanction
deadly clash as Egypt mark anniversary
deal reach on new italian government
dealer say the euro 's downward momentum may pick up speed should it break below $ 1.15 .
dealer say the single currency 's downward momentum against the dollar could pick up speed if it break below $ 1.15 .
death toll climb to 15 in Indonesia boat sink
death toll from Egypt protest rise to 49
death toll from Egypt violence rise to 638
death toll from Philippines quake rise to 144
death toll from philippine earthquake rise to 185
death toll from west Chinas violence rise to 35
death toll in India building collapse hit 42
death toll in Kenya bus attack rise to six
death toll in Lebanon bombing rise to 47
death toll in Nairobi attack rise to 59
death toll in Nepal earthquake top 8,000
death toll in Nigeria police attack rise to 30
death toll in Philippines quake jump to 85
death toll in Syria now top 100,000
death toll in Syria over 100,000 so far
death toll in build collapse in south India mount to 47
death toll rise as Kenya mall siege continue
death toll rise in Russia plane crash
death toll rise to 12 in Indonesia mine collapse
death toll rise to 236 after Brazzaville blast
death toll rise to 29 in India 's Mumbai building collapse
death toll rise to 39 in Italy coach crash
death toll rise to 6 as Storm Xaver batter northern Europe
debt inspector reach agreement with Greece
decline in US stock market moderate
decline issue outnumber advancer nearly 2 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange .
decline issue outnumber advancer slightly more than 3 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange .
defense chief from estonia , latvia , lithuania , germany , italy , spain and slovakia sign the agreement .
defense chief from estonia , latvia , lithuania , germany , italy , spain and slovakia will sign the agreement to provide staff and funding for the center .
defense lawyer can not appeal the ruling until after trial , in the appellate court .
defense lawyer have request a change of venue for two reason : they argue that massive pretrial publicity have taint the jury pool against their client .
defense lawyer have say a change of venue be need because massive pretrial publicity have taint the jury pool against their client .
democracy be a threat to liberty .
democracy have nothing to do with liberty .
depend on how you define " extreme " .
depend on which action further their lonny - tune agenda .
depend on which action further their loony - tune agenda of the moment .
design to compete with Microsoft Corp. , Project Mad Hatter be be position by Sun as a cheap , secure alternative desktop operating system to Microsoft 's various desktop offering .
despicable Ben , stop try to find excuse for the man .
despite problem in the job market , the late snapshot of the labor market be slightly well than economist be expect .
destruction of Syria 's Chemical Weapons could prove difficult
destruction of Syria 's chemical weapon begin
detail of Aung San Suu Kyi 's visit to Ireland
detainee to be accuse of homicide , criminal collaboration , kidnapping and the funding of terrorism and include member of the military and police .
different set of team be play football on a field .
dignitary pay tribute to Paul Desmarais
dining room with wooden dining table set with playmate .
discipline against student gunman think to have spark Colorado shooting
discipline against student think to be key to motive
dittemore announce his plan to resign on April 23 .
djamel badaoui be sentence to five year .
do anyone see the footage of this ?
do he have supporter ?
do not mean its a bad option .
do not want a president that be compassionate .
do quy doan be a spokesman for the vietnamese ministry of culture and information .
do the census have an rear end in a top hat ?
do the transaction take place ?
do we agree that they come down essentially in freefall ?
do you far agree that I have make no claim ?
do you have anything to make it less compelling or not ?
do you have anything to make it more compelling ?
do you know how many passenger testify or what they say ?
do you not understand what that string of word mean ?
do you not understand what the word ' lead ' implie ?
do you notice the nonsensical thing you be say ?
do you see Hitler kill Jews ?
do you see Obama call for Cut , Cap and Balance ?
do you see Obama call for regulation reform ?
do you understand why it be absurd to limit the question to US resident ?
do you understand why non - us resident be also relevant to the statistic ?
doctor be try to revive a man .
doctor conclude Erbitux , the cancer drug that enmesh ImClone Systems in an insider trading scandal , work just as well as an early company - sponsor study say it do .
doctor have plan to deliver he two week early , on or around November 14 .
doctor have speculate that the body 's own estrogen protect against cell damage and improve blood flow .
doctor have speculate that the body ’s own estrogen protect against cell damage and improve blood flow .
doctor say one or both boy may die , and that some brain damage be possible if they survive .
doctor say that one or both of the boy may die and that if they survive , some brain damage be possible .
doctor treat Aurora shooting suspect have medical reprimand
dog , he say , be second only to human in the thoroughness of medical understanding and research .
dog in a race .
dog run towards camera with a ball in its mouth .
dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth .
dolore E. Mahoy , 68 , of Colorado Springs be just the type of person who might be help by the legislation pende in Congress .
domestic cat lay on back of cat litter .
domestic sale at both GM and No . 2 Ford Motor Co. decline more than predict as a late summer sale frenzy prompt a large - than - expect industry backlash .
donohue say it be very difficult to manipulate radioactive isotope without leave a trail .
double Jeopardy actually enforce a jury nullification .
double decker bus with the London Eye ferris wheel in background .
double decker passenger bus drive with traffic .
dozen arrest in russian tv tower protest
dozen dead in Central African Republic fight
dozen dead in Taliban resort attack
dozen die as clash erupt at Morsi rally in Cairo
dozen fear trap in India building collapse
dozen injure as Boeing 777 jet crash land at San Francisco airport
dozen injure as Morsi supporter clash with security force
dozen injure in Connecticut train collision
dozen kill in Laos plane crash
dozen kill in air strike on bakery in central Syria
dozen kill in kenyan clash
dozen kill in nigerian riot
dozen kill in russian plane crash
dozen of Egyptians hostage take by libyan terrorist as revenge for airstrike
dozen of such criminal have be hang in public .
drinking green tea can dramatically reduce the risk of man contract prostate cancer , a study by australian researcher have discover .
driver back into mom , stroller with child then drive off
driver back into stroller with child , drive off
driver in spanish train crash face question from judge
drone strike kill four suspect militant in Pakistan
drug - traffic activity be rampant in the southeastern part of the balkan peninsula .
drug trafficker face the death penalty under tajik law .
drug trafficker from foreign country constitute the large percentage of foreign inmate in nepal .
dub project Mad Hatter , the Linux - base desktop be be promote by Sun as a more secure and less expensive alternative to Windows .
durban port authority and police explosive inspector could not be reach for comment .
during 2001 and 2002 , Morgenthau say , wire transfer from just four of Beacon Hill 's 40 account total more than $ 3.2 billion .
during a period of nearly a decade , Telemarketing Associates raise more than $ 7 million .
during a scream match in 1999 , Carolyn tell John she be still sleep with Bergin .
during armed clash in southeastern iran police seize nearly 5 metric ton ( 5.5 ton ) of opium and morphine .
during the clash 7 seven police officer be kill and 4 seriously wound .
during the same quarter last year , EDS declare a profit of $ 354 million , or 72 cent per share .
dutch national research institute tno carry out chemical weapon experiment for the dutch defense ministry during the 1950s .
dutchy have anyone hear from Dutchy ?
dyne come to UC San Diego in 1991 after 22 year as a physicist with AT&T Bell Labs .
dyne have be at UC San Diego since 1991 after spend 22 year with AT&T Bell Labs , where he work on superconductor and other material .
each boy weigh less than 50 pound when they be remove from the home Oct. 10 .
each week 138 million shopper visit Wal - Mart 's 4,750 store .
early , Bashir 's supporter have defy a police order and cry " Allahu Akbar ( God be Greatest ) " as he walk to his seat .
early , he tell France Inter - Radio , " I think we can now qualify what be happen as a genuine epidemic . "
early , they have defy a police order and cry " Allahu Akbar " ( God be Greatest ) as Bashir walk to his seat in the tightly guard courtroom .
early Wednesday , the benchmark 10 - year US10YT = RR have lose 16/32 in price , drive its yield up to 3.33 percent from 3.26 percent late Tuesday .
early on Monday , Grant Thornton SpA repeat previous statement that it be " a victim of fraudulent action " .
early this month , RIM have say it expect to report second - quarter earning of between 7 cent and 11 cent a share .
earning be 59 cent a share for the three month end May 25 compare with 15 cent a share a year early .
earning be affect by a non - recur $ 8 million tax benefit in the year - ago period .
earthquake death toll rise to 260
earthquake of 6 magnitude strike Thailand
earthquake of 6.3 magnitude strike off Indonesia island
earthquake of 6.9 magnitude strike off Indonesia island
east german right activist Gauck elect president
edit by LashL : edit to properly mask profanity .
edit by LashL : edit to properly mask profanity in quote post .
egypt and jordan have sign the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and have long call for a middle east free of weapon of mass destruction .
egyptian army push to attack kidnapper
egyptian boat crash death toll rise as more body find in Nile
egyptian court ban Muslim Brotherhood
egyptian court consider Mubarak ’s release
egyptian court consider mubarak‚äôs release
egyptian court sentence Muslim Brotherhood leader to life in prison
egyptian death toll rise to 638
egyptian election result delay
egyptian force move to clear pro - morsi protest camp
egyptian military spokesman denounce incitement against army
egyptian police fire tear gas at Brotherhood protester
egyptian police fire tear gas at protester in Cairo
egyptian protester issue Morsi resignation ultimatum
egyptian soldier kill in Sinai attack
egyptologist cast doubt Tuesday on an expedition 's claim that it may have find the mummy of Queen Nefertiti , one of the well - know ancient Egyptians .
egyptologist think they may have identify the long - seek mummy of Queen Nefertiti , one of the ancient world 's legendary beauty .
eight NATO troop kill in Afghanistan
eight bottle of Harp beer line up on a wooden floor .
eight bottle of Harp lager line up on the floor .
eight more body find on ship
elbaradei be quote as say that a peace deal between israel and its arab neighbor must be reach in parallel with a security agreement base on eradicate all weapon of mass destruction from the region .
elbaradei be the international atomic energy agency chief .
elbaradei state that a middle east peace deal can only be reach in parallel with a security agreement base on eradicate all weapon of mass destruction from the region .
elbaradei state that this be the last chance to build security in the middle east base on trust and cooperation and not on possession of nuclear weapon .
elegant dining room with wood furniture .
elephant spray themselves with water .
embassy stay put in N. Korea despite tension
end ' near ' for Syria 's chemical weapon
energy price drop by 8.6 percent , the big decline since July 1986 .
entrenched interest be position themselves to control the network 's chokepoint and they be lobby the FCC to aid and abet they .
er , that be not how dilution work .
estonian official state that some of the cyber attack that cause estonian government website to shut down temporarily come from computer in the administration of russia include in the office of president vladimir putin .
estonian official state that the attack originate in russia .
euro zone to Greece : no rescue without reform
european market rise on greek bailout hope
eurozone jobless hit fresh record high
eurozone unemployment at record high in June
eurozone unemployment hit record high
eurozone unemployment stay at record 11 percent
evacuation go smoothly , although passenger be not tell what be go on , Hunt say .
everyone else at the current prosperity level of Mexico .
everyone in the world at the current " prosperity " level of Northwest Africa .
evolution be not an opinion , not a belief .
ex - first lady Barbara Bush leave Texas hospital
except that it be not .
except that they could not .
exclude legal fee and other charge it expect a loss of between 1 and 4 cent a share .
exclude litigation charge , RIM 's loss narrow even far to 1 cent a share .
exclude one - time item , it expect profit of 11 cent to 15 cent a share .
exclude one - time item , the company enjoy a profit of 6 cent a share .
exclude patent litigation , RIM 's loss for the quarter be $ 700,000 , or 1 cent per share .
exclude the charge , analyst , on average , expect a loss of 11 cent a share .
exclusive - update 2 - Egypt pro - mursi alliance signal flexibility in talk
executive director of the arm control association in washington daryl kimball state that-- the iaea report be 1 in a series of bad sign .
executive director of the arm control association in washington daryl kimball state the israeli document could affect the debate over india .
exist rod could produce 3 - 6 atomic bomb in 6 - 8 month .
exit poll show Putin ally win Moscow vote , Navalny cry foul
exit poll suggest Putin ally win Moscow vote
expert state that the rod could produce 3 - 6 atomic bomb in 6 - 8 month .
explosion hear near afghan presidential palace
explosion hit oil pipeline in Syria 's hom
explosion hit pipeline as Assad attack city
explosion in Kabul a suicide attack in diplomatic area
explosion kill 29 outside two mosque in Lebanon 's Tripoli
explosion near the Iranian Embassy in Beirut
extension likely for Iran nuclear talk
extremist claim responsibility for Niger attack
eye of the Tiger we be all vessel fill with many wonder .
f1 protest in Bahrain
face Bailout Tax , Cypriots try to get Cash out of bank
facebook earning jump 63 % as mobile ad accelerate
facilitator : and why be she the dumb child ?
facilitator : show I the smart child .
fact check : Obama 's Supreme Court remark
factbox : what to look for in Obama 's State of the Union speech
factory fire kill at Least 260 in Pakistan
factory that run on korean cooperation go silent
fall US firefighter bring home
fan state the commission be primarily concern with the term of future investment in taiwan .
fan state the commission will ensure the commitment be uphold once the investment be under way .
far out the curve , the benchmark 10 - year note US10YT = RR shed 18/32 in price , take its yield to 3.24 percent from 3.17 percent .
far out the curve , the benchmark 10 - year note US10YT = RR shed 25/32 in price , take its yield to 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent .
fed move to require car - to - car safety communication
federal official say the document remain seal until Thursday morning to allow authority to make arrest in five western state .
federer capture 7th Wimbledon title
federer win 7th Wimbledon Title
female suicide bomber kill 16 at russian station
ferret climb down from a shelf .
fifty - seven senator , include 24 Republicans , have sign the letter .
fight for Mali Town Reflects Islamist tactic
fighting erupt after four north korean journalist confront a dozen south korean activist protest human right abuse in the North outside the main medium centre .
fighting have continue sporadically in the west , where it be complicate by the presence of battle - harden Liberians on both side .
fire at south korean bus terminal kill 5
fire destroy ancient tibetan town in China
fire destroy tibetan town in China
fire in Beijing kill 10
fire in Beijing kill ten
fire kill 38 in russian psychiatric institution
first case of mer , a SARS - like respiratory illness , report in North America
first man on moon Neil Armstrong die at 82
first post office saving bank ATM open in Chennai
first significant gas find offshore Kenya
fiscal cliff : House delay vote on fiscal cliff deal - live
fitch restore Ford credit to investment grade
fitch upgrade Ford to investment grade
five - time Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong be in Denver today for a meeting about survive cancer .
five - time Tour de France winner and cancer survivor Lance Armstrong have a few word of advice for other cancer survivor in Denver on Friday .
five NATO soldier kill in Afghanistan
five People charge with Terror offence
five alternate juror also be select , with a sixth alternate to be pick on Friday .
five alternate juror be also choose , with a final one set to be select Friday morning from the panel .
five bird stand on the snow .
five charge with terrorism offence
five child bury alive in Bohol landslide
five convict in Kosovo organ trafficking case
five cow be graze beside the road .
five cow graze in a snow cover field .
five cow graze on a patch of grass between two roadway .
five dead , 40 miss in Canada train disaster
five dead as Indonesia train collide with fuel truck
five dead in Canada train crash
five dead in Pakistan suicide blast
five dead in indonesian eruption
five foreigner sentence to death for drug smuggling in Egypt
five kill by bomb blast in East India
five kill in China building collapse
five kill in Philippines volcano eruption
five kill in belgian coach crash
five kill in blast in India
five man in tuxedo be walk down step .
five man in tuxedo walk down a set of step
five million citizen get unofficial salary in Ukraine
five more human case of West Nile virus , be report by the Mesa County Health Department on Wednesday .
five people on a sidewalk .
five people stand on a sidewalk
five thing to watch in the presidential debate
fix ? : Islam itself be not political .
flash flood kill 58 in eastern Afghanistan
flood Forces 75,000 from Canada Homes
flood in Canada force evacuation of another city
flood kill two , force 75,000 from Calgary home
follow California 's lead , several state and the federal government pass similar or tough ban .
food price hike raise concern in Iran
foot stand on a pretty day with large building in background .
for Kathy Nicolo ( Jennifer Connelly ) , the house mean stability and family .
for first time in history , Technion to teach engineering in Russia
for the 12 - month period end June 30 , high - speed line instal in home and business increase by 45 percent .
for the current academic year , tuition at public college average $ 4,694 , up almost $ 600 from the year before .
for the full 12 - month period end June 30 , 2003 , advanced service line for ADSL increase by 37 percent and cable modem connection increase by 75 percent .
for the full year period end June 30 , 2003 , high - speed line increase by 45 percent .
for the trillionth time , I 've never say rehabilitation do not work .
for the year , it expect sale of $ 94 million and a profit of 26 cent a share from continue operation .
forecaster say warning might go up for Cuba later Thursday .
foreign exchange rate in India
foreign exchange rate in Singapore
foreign militant kill in Somalia in strike on car
foreign pro - palestinian activist seek to enter West Bank
former CIA officer sentence to 30 month in prison for info leak
former England great Tom Finney die at 91
former Indiana Rep. Frank McCloskey , 64 , die Sunday in Bloomington after a battle with bladder cancer .
former Nazi death camp guard Demjanjuk dead at 91
former New Mexico Gov. Richardson press north korean test ban
former Phipps aide Linda Saunders and Bobby McLamb have both plead guilty to federal charge include extortion .
former Reagan spokesman Larry Speakes die at 74
former british PM Margaret Thatcher die at 87
former first lady Barbara Bush leave hospital
former lapd officer seek in Irvine slaying
former model Lady McCartney lose a leg in a road accident in 1993 and be understand to have steel plate fit in her hip which would make natural childbirth difficult .
former spokesman for U.S. President Ronald Reagan die
former zambian president arrest
found in 1996 , the LendingTree exchange consist of more than 200 bank , lender , and broker .
founder of the group be Matsushita Electric , Sony , Hitachi , NEC , Royal Philips Electronics , Samsung , Sharp and Toshiba .
four Morsi supporter kill in Egypt clash
four Palestinians kill in IAF strike
four U.S. Air Force helicopter crew member kill in UK crash
four arrest as Bangladesh building toll rise to 352
four asian young people sit in a den or living room .
four black dog run across the grass .
four blue and yellow plane fly over four boat .
four blue and yellow plane in flight .
four boy be stand in front of the burn car .
four civilian , three NATO soldier kill in Afghanistan
four dead in Indonesia train accident
four dog play in the snow .
four dog splash in the water
four foreign soldier kill in Afghan east
four french soldier kill in afghan suicide blast
four injure in motorway crash
four kid hold hand jump into a swimming pool .
four man admit London Stock Exchange bomb plot
four man admit London bomb plot
four more people arrest over Australia 's large illegal tobacco importation syndicate
four of the defendant have plead guilty to weapon charge and other count .
four other man who be also charge in June have already plead guilty .
four people be float on a raft .
four people be on a boat on green water .
four people be row a boat near the shore .
four people be sit around a living room with.snack .
four people sit at a table .
four seriously injure in M23 motorway crash
four woman and two man sit at a long table in a restaurant .
four young man stand still as a car explode behind they .
fourteen kill in Brazil bus accident
fox be eat from a plate .
france , belgium , germany , sweden , italy and britain provide part and technology for the advanced light helicopter ( alh ) .
france , belgium , germany , sweden , italy and britain provide part and technology for the advanced light helicopter that india plan to sell to myanmar .
france be a leader in the european space agency .
france provide the rocket , gun and engine .
francisco santo state that colombian police find the evidence on two computer discover with raul reye .
freedom of speech have consequence !
french Fear New Serial Killer after murder
french Socialists win absolute parliament majority
french election turnout high than expect
french energy and transport company alstom may sign a contract to build a high - speed rail link between beijing and shanghai .
french force attack al - Qaeda 's Mali ally
french force seize key town
french force take key Mali town
french gunman want to ' die with weapon in hand '
french parliament back reform of law on prostitution
french presidential election : first round - live update
french raid wine cellar for austerity auction
french retiree will increase from one fifth to a third of the population by 2040 .
french set for Mali ground combat
french train derail south of Paris
french train passenger tell of crash ordeal
french unemployment rate rise to 10 percent
fresh rain bring more flooding
friend of Syria recognize opposition coalition as legitimate representative of syrian people
from 1993 to 2002 , there be 142 report sexual assault at the academy .
from Florida to Alaska , thousand of reveler vow to push for more legal right , include same - sex marriage .
from the top of the embankment , Moriarty think , " he will be sweep over any minute or just die of the cold . "
from the year prior .
front and leave side of a red double decker bus .
full episode : Nightline 6/29 : Katie Holmes , Tom Cruise to divorce
fulvio berghella state that the digital worm name sq hell be particularly virulent and replicate itself at the rate of 8000 time an hour .
fulvio berghella state that the digital worm name sq hell have a very high capacity to replicate itself and the digital worm name sq hell be slow down the poste italiane computer network and make some computer inoperable .
fundamental difference ?
fundimental difference , please ?
funeral for Pakistan Taliban chief ' set to take place '
funeral set for Ohio shoot victim
funny , I think the same thing about some math .
furthermore I find this : so I actually read the op and guess what I find out .
gain in financial stock push up european equity
gameday for the oriole game be freeze for I .
gang violence kill 16 in venezuelan prison
gas cylinder blast on Pakistan school bus kill 17
gazan fire 2 rocket into Israel ; no injury
gazan fire 89 rocket ; cabinet approve reserve call - up
general nikolai n. urakov be the longtime director of the the state scientific center of applied microbiology .
general nikolai n. urakov state by telephone that the state scientific center of applied microbiology have quite reliable system of protection in case of emergency .
general strike end : Histadrut , Treasury reach agreement
generation divide over gay marriage
genetic predisposition to Alzheimer be inferior genetic .
genetic predisposition to cancer resistance be superior genetic .
georgian government website be under intense cyber attack follow russian military strike against georgia late last week .
georgian vote for new president
german ambassador 's Athens residence shoot at
german envoy optimistic about Iran - G5 + 1 talk
german factory order rebound in January
german parliament endorse greek bailout
german parliament overwhelmingly back greek rescue deal
get a cool trend from   because of the recent decline .
get it all out , " say Howard Davidowitz , chairman of Davidowitz & Associates , a national retail consulting firm base in New York City .
gilroy police and FBI agent describe Gehring as cooperative , but say Saturday that he have reveal nothing about what have happen to the child .
girl accuse of burn Koran bail
girl accuse of burn Koran go into hiding
girl be walk on the stage .
girl stand in subway wait on something .
glasgow helicopter death toll rise to nine
go figure you be ask I to prove a negative ?
goa first step in Modis march to Delhi
godzhayev and godzhayev 's lawyer be not immediately available to comment .
goff state that this present a major threat to global security .
golf : Westwood take lead in Dubai Desert Classic
gonsalve keep up pressure on Dom Rep
good way to get money out be to get rid of lobby , all of it .
good way to turn it on its head be to get money out .
gorgich and pashtoon be execute for traffic heroin in sistan - baluchestan province .
gorgich and pashtoon be execute in prison .
got some Heine and coors light I start it last night xani .
got to love the EK factoid that " Iran be also a sign of the NPT and the IAEA .
governance institution have be ineffective for a long time in somalia .
government - affiliate hacker in china be at the forefront of a burgeon cyber cold war .
government bond sell off sharply after Greenspan tell Congress on Tuesday that the U.S. economy " could very well be embark on a period of extended growth " .
government decide what pregnancy need to be carry to term , that be fine .
government initiative to disarm have be ineffective .
government spokesman maseko state that if administrative paper be in order the government of south africa can not intervene to prevent weapon from be transport through its territory to a neighboring landlocked country .
government spy on its own citizen , that be fine .
gray cat look out the window .
greece bailout uncertainty weigh on global market
greece secure big debt deal in history
greek far - right leader imprison pende trial
greek militant group claim responsibility for Golden Dawn killing
greek pm accuse coalition of hypocrisy
greek pm call for May 6 general election
greek pm to announce new election
grenell be spokesman for the u.s . mission to the united nations .
guinea vote in long - delay legislative poll
gunman ' kill 15 ' in Second Kenya Attack
gunman abduct seven foreign worker in Nigeria
gunman ambush police boat in Nigeria oil region
gunman among 7 dead after Fla. apartment shootout
gunman kill 10 foreign tourist in northern Pakistan
gunman kill 10 in philippine political violence
gunman kill 11 Foreign Tourists in Pakistan
gunman kill 11 foreign climber in Pakistan
gunman kill 15 libyan soldier
gunman kill 3 lebanese troop near Syria
gunman kill 6 in shoot at Wisconsin Sikh temple
gunman kill 6 polio worker in Pakistan
gunman kill 9 foreign tourist , 1 Pakistani
gunman kill Eight in Second Kenya Attack
gunman kill nine foreigner in Pakistan
gunman kill nine people in northwest Pakistan
gunman kill nine tourist in Pakistan
gunman kill one soldier , injure two other in Pakistan
gunman kill six in shoot at Sikh temple in Wisconsin
gunman surround libyan foreign ministry to push demand
gunman who hold suburban Atlanta firefighter hostage now dead , police say
gunner fire but fail to advance in Champions League
gunshot , explosion rock Thai protest day ahead of poll
h and I both read the book and think the movie move so quickly .
half of the woman be give a daily dose of the drug and half take a placebo .
half the woman receive a daily tablet of the combination oestrogen plus progestin while the rest be give a placebo .
hall of Fame beckon for Capriati
hard - line jewish leader shoot in Jerusalem
have Annie ever use her sexuality like that ?
have not council tax be freeze for most people ?
he add : " there be no doubt about the chemical programme , the biological programme and indeed the nuclear weapon programme .
he add that gene on the Y might play a role in influence gender - specific difference in disease susceptibility .
he add that prosecutor will seek the death penalty .
he also could be bar permanently from the security industry .
he also object to the sale and personal income tax increase in the package .
he also recruit other people to take delivery of fraudulently obtain merchandise he have order .
he also recruit other to participate in the scheme by convince they to receive fraudulently obtain merchandise he have order for himself .
he and his colleague attribute some of the communication gap to doctor feel press for time .
he and the other lawyer plan to stay until the river start recede .
he arrive later this week on the first state visit by a US President .
he attribute some of the communication gap to doctor feel press for time ; patient cite discomfort discuss financial issue .
he be also expect to visit Yemen and Bahrain during his tour of the region .
he be arrest last week for allegedly punch a parking attendant outside a nightclub in LA .
he be join by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Sandra Day O'Connor and Antonin Scalia .
he be list last night in critical but stable condition at Kings County Hospital Center , police say .
he be not wealthy because he be successful .
he be release on $ 3 - million bail and immediately return to Las Vegas , where he have be film a video .
he be suspect of be a key figure in Jemaah Islamiyah , the al - Qa'eda - link terror group which have be blame for the bombing .
he be take to a hospital for precautionary X - ray on his neck .
he be the Ace of Diamonds in a pack of card depict iraqi fugitive that have be issue to U.S. troop .
he be the ace of diamond in a U.S. deck of card show picture of most - want iraqi leader .
he be voluntarily castrate in 2001 , an operation he contend remove his ability to become sexually arouse .
he crawl through a narrow , winding canyon , rappel down a 60 - foot cliff , and walk some six mile down the canyon near Canyonlands National Park in southeastern Utah .
he definently have supporter .
he explain that he find Antetonitrus when he come to wit in 2001 as a post - doctoral research assistant at England 's University of Bristol .
he explain that he find antetonitrus when he come to wit in 2001 while a post - doctoral research assistant at Bristol University in Britain .
he give a surprisingly impassione speech to the United Steelworkers of America , who announce their endorsement yesterday .
he have be arrest twice before for trespassing and bar from the complex - home to his mother and two child .
he have be arrest twice before for trespassing and be bar from the complex .
he have be in protective custody since be transfer to Souza - Baranowski in April , official say .
he have no intention of apprehend he .
he have not be funny in year .
he have not be funny since Larry Bud Melman be on the show .
he leave the army for Syria where he receive religious training .
he move to Syria , where he undergo further religious training in traditional islamic belief .
he or she decide the merchandise direction of the company , or basically what it should stand for .
he plan to stay all day until the river crest , which be forecast for late last night .
he play four season in Miami , include the Dolphins ' 27 - 17 loss to Washington in the Super Bowl .
he project Vanderpool will be available within the next five year .
he run last year for the democratic nomination for Texas governor , but lose the primary to multimillionaire Tony Sanchez .
he say : " they be an inspirational couple , selfless and courageous .
he say FDA hope Congress and the court will bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumer — perhaps before the 2004 election .
he say at every level .
he say european government " have block all new bio - crop because of unfounded , unscientific fear .
he say he also expect to have the support of lawmaker from other agricultural state .
he say he be not bother by poll and that he would continue to do what he believe to be right , in both foreign and domestic policy .
he say police have identify the body of seven of the 14 bomber who launch five almost simultaneous raid Friday night .
he say that dog be second only to human in term of be the subject of medical research .
he say the FDA be hope Congress and the court would bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumer .
he say the attacker leave behind leaflet urge staff at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop work at the hotel and demand U.S. force leave Iraq .
he say the attacker leave behind leaflet urge worker at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop work at the hotel .
he say the problem need to be correct before the space shuttle fleet be clear to fly again .
he start in the 1983 Super Bowl , which Miami lose 27 - 17 to Washington .
he state that it be a mental illness in , how be that bigotry ?
he tell the jury Stubbs be a " cold , calculate killer . "
he then stab two passersby as he flee along a promenade by the Mediterranean Sea .
he too notify Captain Lord .
he urge Congress to " send I the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law . "
he urge patience from Americans eager for the service , which be intend to block about 80 percent of telemarketing call .
he will be sweep over any minute or just die of the cold , Moriarty think .
he will replace Ron Dittemore , who announce his resignation April 23 .
he wound a security guard and then flee , stab two passersby as he run off along the promenade .
headline in major iranian newspaper on April 5
headline in major iranian newspaper on August 18
headline in major iranian newspaper on Dec 30
headline in major iranian newspaper on July 6
headline in major iranian newspaper on Nov 21
headline in major iranian newspaper on Oct 4
headline in major iranian newspaper on Sept 27
headline in major iranian newspaper on Sept 30
headline in several iranian newspaper on Oct 19
heat flash detect at time of russian airliner crash
heather , 35 , who lose a leg in a road accident , be think to have steel plate fit in her hip , which would make natural childbirth impossible .
heavy fighting report in Damascus
heavy fighting rock eastern Syria - resident
heavy fighting rock eastern Syria ahead of poll
heavy rain raise threat of Christmas Day flooding
heavy smog hit north China city , flight cancel
helicopter crash in London
helicopter crash near rail station in London
helmand province be the world 's large opium - produce region .
helmand province be the world 's large producer of opium .
her 20 - year - old sister , Allyson , be severely burn and remain hospitalize in critical condition .
her birthday , 21 April , be declare a public holiday and she attend a reception and a ball .
her body be find several week later in the Green River .
her lawyer Donald Levine tell the Telegraph she have be offer $ US250,000 to tell her story exclusively to australian tv .
her son would get upset , his mom say , but then turn around and befriend his taunter .
hey , Blue - Eyes , how be thing in London ?
hi Ollie : that be absolutely amazing .
hi Pro and corn : how many thread do you plan on make ?
hi eot : YOU FOOLS .. buy the   cover - up .. hook ..
high than   per cent but not very high .
highlight of the Vice Presidential debate
hijack aircraft land in Geneva
hilite your common sense / deductive reasoning thing .
hill be the head american negotiator on north korea 's nuclear weapon program .
his " friend " say that he be confront by his car .
his dissent be join by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas .
his first Father 's Day as a dad , his first major as a champion .
his lawyer , Pamela MacKey , say Bryant expect to be completely exonerate .
his lawyer , a cousin , Basil Russin , do not attend the hearing and do not return phone message .
his partner Bijan Darvish be charge with file a false police report .
his position be that it be the individual 's risk to assume .
his position be the way it be currently .
his protest lead to a 47 - hour standoff with police that cause huge traffic jam in downtown Washington and northern Virginia .
his spokesman Jim Kennedy say the former president also give more than 70 speech in 2002 without compensation .
hom offensive kill 200
honduran ambassador to Colombia sack after wild party
hong kong university collaborate with university , business and government sector of mainland china to coordinate training program and research center to promote high - tech research , commercialization , and technology transfer .
hong kong university have collaborate with tertiary education , business and government sector of mainland china to direct training program and research center to promote research commercialization and technology transfer .
horse stand in a field .
hospital and the Red Cross appeal to blood donor yesterday .
hostage drama drag on after Alabama school bus shooting
hot - Air Balloon Catches Fire in Virginia
hotly contest legislation that would change the state 's takeover law and help a Michigan - base development company fend off a takeover clear the state Senate on Thursday .
housing start up 6.8 % in May
how about some testimony from real health expert ?
how be this slant against Bush ? ?
how do world 's cheap car do in crash test ?
how do you know what be right and wrong ?
how do you know which story be the right one ?
how exactly be Germany be ' punish ' for the stupidity of WW ?
how exactly be they be punish ?
how long after the obliteration should it no long bother the kid ?
how long after the obliteration should the kid return to school ?
how many passenger say they see an iceberg ?
how many thread do you plan on make ?
how much be spend on abortion service ?
how the Dow Jones Industrial Average Fared on Monday
how the Dow Jones Industrial Average do Wednesday
how wind farm developer ' use camera trick to make turbine look small than they really be '
how would Martin not know that that be not the case ?
how would Martin or anyone else know his intention base on his action ?
how would the extra premium be collect ?
however , commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel be still month off for most customer .
however , other union include the powerful CGT remain opposed to the reform and demand the government begin fresh negotiation with they .
however , the saudi interior minister , Prince Nayef , deny the report .
however , we have decide to opt for the european consortium 's engine as the good overall solution . "
however , we have decide to opt for the european consortium 's engine as the good overall solution and due to the substantial price effort make " .
human right violation in myanmar include summary execution , torture and the recruitment of child soldier .
hundred fall sick in Bangladesh factory
hundred honor student kill in Ohio shoot
hundred of Bangladesh clothe factory worker ill
hundred of kenyan woman claim they be attack and rape by british soldier be grant government legal aid Wednesday to pursue their case against the Ministry of Defense .
hundred of reporter and photographer swamp the courthouse ground before the hearing , which be carry live on national cable network .
hundred of reporter and photographer swamp the town and the short hearing involve the five - time All - Star be carry live on national cable network .
hushen 300 Index close high -- Oct. 14
hushen 300 Index close low -- March 12
i. ATLANTIC requirement .
iconic science fiction writer Ray Bradbury die at 91
ictu , Ibec in move on airline strike
idf to deploy Iron Dome in Central Israel
if God do not exist can anything be morally wrong ?
if I be angry , it will show up in one of those scan ..
if I be hyper active , it will show up in one of those scan ..
if I owe you , dollar , I have a problem .
if I owe you a trillion dollar , you have a problem .
if a position be unverifiable ; then it should be reject .
if convict , each face up to five year in prison and a fine of $ 250,000 or more base on the amount of gain involve .
if convict , they face up to five year in prison and a $ 250,000 fine on each of the 11 count .
if convict of the spying charge , he could face the death penalty .
if drain the pond in Maryland will far help establish Steve 's innocence , we welcome it . "
if evidence be not provide to support a position ; then it should be reject .
if freedom of speech have consequence then it be not free .
if india blame foreign militant it be part of its propaganda to mislead the international community .
if it be a Bill Gates Comdex keynote , it must be time for new Tablet pc .
if it be not a life , then it would not be able to be bear .
if it be not a person , then WTF be it ?
if it be not alive , then it would miscarriage on it be own .
if it be not bollock it would not be homeopathy .
if it be the Sunday night before Comdex , it must be time for yet another Bill Gates keynote .
if japan rise to the occasion japan will never be beat even in term of military power .
if so , alot of cop should take presciption drug .
if so , alot of inventor , writer should take prescription drug ..
if so , state that be why they be not true .
if the universe have an explanation of its existence , that explanation be God .
if they be Catholics , I would call they Catholics .
if they be Jews , I would call they Jews .
if you answer no to   but yes to   then you be probably straight .
if you answer yes to   and no to   you be probably straight .
if you ask , conservative , the number will be skewed to the right .
if you ask , progressive , the number would be skewed to the left .
if you could kill one person to save four , would you ?
if you have not make any claim , then just say so .
if you leap up to make a hit , you be get a penalty .
if you want to buy $ billion in XYZ Inc. common stock , who care ?
if you want to buy a house or a SUV , again , who care ?
if your stick hit a guy in the face , you be get a penalty .
iguaran state that the detainee be also involve in the murder of police member of an anti - kidnapping group .
iguaran state that the detainee will be accuse of homicide , criminal collaboration , kidnapping and the funding of terrorism .
illegal arm trafficking have increase in kenya and raise concern about security .
illegal arm trafficking increase in kenya due to easy availability and neighboring conflict .
imagine a place that be % white and % black .
imagine a place with % man and % woman .
implication of palestinian reconciliation
imran to contest from four NA seat
in   Foxe basin be frozen .
in 1999 , two year before his death , Mr. Nielsen tell an interviewer that he think the rock face would outlive he by many year .
in 2001 , President Bush name Kathy Gregg to the Student Loan Marketing Association board of director .
in 2001 , President Bush name she to the Student Loan Marketing Association , the large U.S. lender for student .
in 2001 and 2002 , wire transfer from 4 of the company 's 40 account total more than $ 3.2 billion , prosecutor say .
in 2002 , Linksys overtake Cisco Systems as the lead wireless equipment vendor , account for 14.1 percent of revenue .
in 2002 japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi attend an summit in north korea with north korean leader kim jong il .
in 2006 , Asia Pacific will report growth of 7.9 percent to $ 81.8 billion .
in 2006 , the group say the market will rebound 29.6 percent to $ 21.3 billion in sale .
in April , it have forecast operating earning in the range of 60 to 80 cent a share .
in CNN 's late move to rejuvenate rating , the network have oust Teya Ryan , general manager of U.S. programming .
in Cairo Camps , Protesters dig in and live on
in Canada , the booming dollar will be in focus again as it try to stay above the 75 cent ( U.S. ) mark .
in Canada , the surging dollar be in focus again as it struggle and just fail to stay above the 75 cent ( U.S. ) mark .
in Europe , France 's cac-40 rise 1.3 percent , Britain 's FTSE 100 decline 0.2 percent and Germany 's DAX index gain 0.6 percent .
in Hong Kong , 24 patient be quarantine Wednesday after seven public hospital worker develop flu - like symptom .
in January 2000 , notebook represent less than 25 percent of sale volume .
in July 32 singaporean police officer be send to Baghdad to help train iraqi police force and return home last month .
in Kentucky , Democratic Attorney General Ben Chandler face U.S. Rep. Ernie Fletcher .
in Kenya , attacker use ' less be more ' strategy
in May 2002 , lcd account for only 22 percent of monitor sale .
in Millville yesterday , Mayor James Quinn order all city flag fly at half - staff for the next 30 day .
in Nairobi , the provost of all Saints Cathedral , the very Reverend Peter Karanja , say the US Episcopal Church be alienate itself from the Anglican Communion .
in Pakistan , army adamant on fight the other Taliban
in September , a 27 - year - old Singapore researcher contract SARS while work in a laboratory .
in Vienna , the IAEA say ElBaradei would accept the invitation , although no date have yet be set .
in Vienna , the International Atomic Energy Agency say on Monday ElBaradei have accept Iran 's invitation , but say no date have yet be set .
in a case in August , a 27 - year - old laboratory worker in Singapore develop SARS .
in a mixture of ancient melanesian pagan and modern christian ceremony the people try again to erase the misfortune they believe have keep they poor since that long - ago meal .
in a mixture of ancient pagan and modern christian rite , the villager have stage a series of ceremony hope to erase the misfortune they believe have keep they poor .
in a news release Thursday , Strayhorn say this be the first time a comptroller reject a budget .
in a not - too - subtle swipe at Dean , he predict Americans would not elect a Democrat " who sound an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous time . "
in a show of corporate solidarity , Kroger Co. , which own Ralphs , and Albertson Inc. lock out their worker the next morning .
in a statement distribute Friday , 28 Chechen non - governmental organization say they would boycott the vote .
in a statement distribute today , 28 Chechen non - governmental organisation say they would boycott the vote and warn voter to expect fraud .
in a statement issue by his solicitor , Mr Hadley say : " I be absolutely delighted with the outcome of proceeding .
in a statement naif arab academy for security sciences announced-- it will sponsor a 2 - week workshop for 50 anti - terrorism expert .
in a statement the british ministry of defense stated-- the agreement aim to establish wide cooperation cover national security and the fight against global terrorism .
in addition , " few than 10 " FBI office have conduct investigation involve visit to islamic mosque , the Justice Department say .
in addition , 6,800 people be in quarantine and thousand of health - care worker in work quarantine .
in addition , it offer the United States and Israel a way to work around Mr. Arafat .
in addition , the Justice Department say that the FBI have conduct '' few than 10 '' investigation involve visit to mosque .
in addition , the NTSB also recommend to NHTSA that state legislation be enact to prohibit holder of learner permit and intermediate license from use mobile phone while drive .
in afternoon trading , Aspen 's share be off 89 cent or more than 27 percent at $ 2.33 per share .
in afternoon trading in Europe , France 's cac-40 advanced and Britain 's FTSE 100 each gain 0.7 percent , while Germany 's DAX index rise 0.6 percent .
in an armed clash iranian police kill 4 allege drug trafficker , arrest 2 , and seize nearly 5 metric ton of opium and morphine .
in an e - mail statement to the Knoxville News Sentinel , Shumaker say , '' I be not give any consideration to resignation .
in an interview , Healey , who be a criminologist , acknowledge that much of the sentiment among legislator here and across the country be wariness toward capital punishment .
in an interview , Ms. Healey , who be a criminologist , say many lawmaker here and across the country share a wariness toward capital punishment .
in connection with the incident , I have acknowledge that I behave inappropriately . "
in early U.S. trading , the euro < EUR= > be down 0.6 percent to $ 1.1741 , after rise to a four - month high of $ 1.1860 .
in early may 2002 official from the philippine , malaysia and indonesia sign an anti - terrorism agreement to share airline passenger list and other intelligence .
in early may 2002 the philippine , malaysia and indonesia sign an agreement to share terrorism intelligence .
in exchange , North Korea would be require to end its nuclear weapon program .
in fact , it be just the Dutch .
in islamist - lead Egypt , Coptic Church name new pope
in july 2006 jordanian prime minister maaruf bakhit state that-- raghdad hussein and family be live under the protection of king abdullah ii .
in late - morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market , Corixa be up 74 cent , or 10 % , at $ 7.94 .
in midafternoon trading , the Nasdaq composite index be up 8.34 , or 0.5 percent , to 1,790.47 .
in morning trading , the Dow Jones industrial average be down 8.76 , or 0.1 percent , at 9,310.20 , have gain 201 point Monday .
in response to sluggish sale , Cisco pare spending .
in seek leniency , Waksal apologize to the court , his employee and his family .
in september 2007 jordan sign an accord with the united states aim at support the peaceful development of the jordan 's nascent nuclear program .
in september 2007 the united states sign an accord with jordan aim at support the peaceful development of jodran 's new nuclear program .
in shock move , Obama put Syria strike on hold
in that position , Elias will report to Joe Tucci , president and CEO of EMC .
in the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel , federal and local government remain shut down , as do school and many business .
in the late top - level shuffle at CNN , Teya Ryan be leave her post as general manager of U.S. programming , the network announce .
in the memo , Ballmer reiterate the open - source threat to Microsoft .
in the opinion , Kline note that it be illegal for child that young to have sexual relation .
in the second after the crash , she add , Captain Smith say simply , " oh my God . "
in the second quarter last year , AK Steel report a profit of $ 16.2 million , or 15 cent a share .
in the week lead up to the execution , several Florida official receive anonymous threatening letter .
in the year - ago quarter , the steelmaker record a profit of $ 16.2 million , or 15 cent per share , on sale of $ 1.14 billion .
in turn SuSE will license Java 2 Standard Edition while also formalise an exist agreement to distribute Sun 's Java Virtual Machine for run Java application .
in turn down the nima offer , Gehman say , '' there be a number of bureaucratic and administrative miss signal here .
include convertible security , the total estimate value of the deal be $ 124 million , accord to Corel .
income tax , top rate :   percent .
indeed , Wolfowitz admit Saturday that neither military action nor " large scale bribery " would solve the issue .
india accuse islamabad of funding and training guerrilla .
india accuse pakistan of funding and train the cross - border guerrilla .
india and pakistan remain outside the treaty .
india have prohibit direct or indirect export and import of all item , material , good and technology that could contribute to iran 's nuclear weapon delivery system .
indian PM snub Commonwealth summit
indian and pakistani government each conduct nuclear test in may 1998 .
indian and pakistani government nearly engage in a fourth conflict in 1999 .
indian army kill 3 militant in Indian - control Kashmir
indian building collapse death toll rise to 72
indian defense ministry have increase defense spending for new purchase by 33 percent .
indian defense ministry have increase spending on defense purchase .
indian finance minister quit to run for president
indian guru arrest on suspicion of rape
indian medium : commonwealth summit
indian minister kill in head - on collision
indian national constitute the large number of foreign inmate in nepal prison .
indian policeman injure in gang - rape protest die
indian rape accuse face verdict
indian rape accuse find guilty
indian rape victim die in Singapore hospital
indian stock close low
indian stock open flat
indian stock open high
indian stock open low
indian troop already fight rebel be now also engage in a massive operation to destroy poppy crop in kashmir .
indian troop already fight rebel in kashmir be now engage in a massive campaign to destroy poppy crop in the region .
indian troop kill militant commander in Indian - control Kashmir
indian troop kill pakistani soldier along Kashmir line of control
indian troop raid pakistani military post
india‚äôs march to Mars
indonesian capital pray for metro to ease traffic chaos
indonesian president to visit Australia
indonesian president to visit UK
inflation fall to 15 - month low
inflation fall to 15 - month low : what the analyst say
influential Palestinians seek one democratic state
ingo kober state that some nation have strong intellectual property right than other .
ingo kober state there be large interest in intellectual property right now than 20 or 30 year ago .
innocent or not , " she be damage good , " say Howard Davidowitz , chairman of Davidowitz & Associates , a national retail consulting firm in New York .
insider reveal 2012 Election secret
insight : U.N. chief find his voice , but remain cautious on China
instead , Weida decide that Meester 's case on charge of rape , sodomy , indecent assault and provide alcohol to minor should proceed to a court - martial .
instead , prosecutor dismiss charge and Rucker leave the courtroom a free man .
instead , they fear the conference be an attempt by corporate farming and biotech interest to push into new market .
instead , ticket for the Jersey jam go on sale last night through Ticketmaster .
instead he leave the courtroom a free man after authority dismiss criminal charge .
instead of one long operation to separate the twin , Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three , with several week between each .
international atomic energy association be the united nations watchdog .
international rescue worker be scour flatten debris for survivor in Iran 's shatter ancient Silk Road city of Bam after a violent earthquake kill more than 20,000 people .
international rescue worker hack desperately through flattened debris for survivor and cemetery overflow in Iran 's ancient Silk Road city of Bam yesterday .
investigator Probe Motives of Los Angeles Airport Shooter
investigator claim the british company be a cia cover .
investigator probe motive of LAX airport shooter
investigator seek answer to Whitney Houston 's death
iran 's nuclear project be for peaceful purpose .
iran be an islamic republic .
iran be the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china .
iran have noticeably increase the number of execution in recent month as official enforce a campaign aim at promote virtue and boost security in
iran insist that its nuclear program be for peaceful purpose
iran insist that the program be aim solely at peaceful pursuit such as the generation of
iran lie on a major drug route between afghanistan and europe and the persian gulf state .
iran lie on a major drug trafficking route between afghanistan and europe , as well as the persian gulf state .
iranian President praise nuclear deal
iranian exile report death in Iraq camp
iranian minister blame West for fail nuke talk
iranian nuclear talk to be extend to November
iranian official have increase execution in 2007 as official enforce a campaign purportedly aim at promote virtue and boost security in society .
iranian painter Mansoureh Hosseini die
iranian parliamentary speaker gholam - ali haddad - adel visit cuba .
iranian president call for new nuclear talk
iranian president make debut on world stage
iraq 's new leader have be lobby for the united nations security council to stop use the iraq 's oil revenue to pay the salary of the inspector and to have all money remain in the united nation 's oil - for - food account transfer to the iraqi government .
iraq have be lobby for the security council to stop use the country 's oil revenue to pay compensation to victim of the 1991 gulf war and the salary of the united nations monitoring , verification and inspection commission inspector and to have all money remain in the united nation 's oil - for - food account transfer to the government 's development fund .
iraqi Attacks Kill General , Four Police
iraqi Bomb Attacks kill at Least 13
iraqi Car Bomb Near Church kill at Least 14
iraqi official : 50 body find south of Baghdad
iraqi police open fire in downtown Baghdad Wednesday after demonstrator demand job storm a police station and throw stone at officer , police say .
iraqi police open fire in downtown Baghdad today after demonstrator storm a police station demand they be give job they claim to have pay bribe for .
iraqi president in hospital after suffer stroke
iraqi president in hospital due to health problem
irreligion that do not do that I do not have a problem with .
irreligion that do that I have a problem .
islamic State issue video of beheading of US hostage
islamic State post second propaganda video of UK hostage
islamic militant kill 9 foreign tourist , 1 Pakistani
islamist Morsi win Egypt 's Presidential Election
islamist attack malian troop in Gao
islamist attack north Mali city after suicide bombing
islamist kill 21 in suicide attack in Niger
islamist party in Egypt unite for election
islamist still hold some 30 hostage as Kenya mall standoff continue
israel remain outside the treaty .
israeli , palestinian negotiator meet in Jordan
israeli , palestinian negotiator quietly meet
israeli Minister Slams Kerry 's Boycott warning
israeli air strike kill 16 in Gaza
israeli credibility on line over Iran nuclear challenge
israeli delegation marche in 2012 Olympics opener
israeli doctor could be try abroad for force - feed palestinian prisoner
israeli envoy summon over settlement plan
israeli ex - spy boss : no trust in leadership over Iran – video
israeli force arrest 21 Palestinians overnight , clash with local
israeli force arrest 6 Palestinians in overnight West Bank raid
israeli force arrest five Palestinians across West Bank
israeli force detain 2 in Hebron arrest raid
israeli force detain 5 Palestinians in West Bank
israeli government authorise new settlement ahead of talk
israeli gunboat fire at palestinian fisherman
israeli leader urge calm in Jerusalem
israeli military court reject appeal of palestinian hunger striker
israeli military focus on northern border
israeli minister slam Kerry ’s boycott warning
israeli minister want palestinian leader 's ouster
israeli official confirm second air strike at Syria
israeli president release from hospital
israeli security force arrest 8 Palestinians in overnight West Bank sweep
israeli soldier begin tear down settlement outpost in the West Bank yesterday - an israeli obligation under a new Mideast peace plan .
israeli soldier hit palestinian child in Hebron
israeli soldier kill palestinian woman in West Bank
israeli soldier knock down empty mobile home and water tower in 10 tiny West Bank settlement outpost overnight as part of a US - back Mideast peace plan .
israeli teen miss in West Bank
israeli troop kill Palestinian in West Bank raid
it add it have " co - operate fully " with police since November .
it also feature a 4.5 in back - light lcd screen and memory expansion facility .
it also support coloured label to well organise document , and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac , Windows and Unix file server .
it assume that methane growth rate accelerate by .%/yr .
it be a common sense / deductive reasoning thing .
it be a question that need to be answer .
it be a serious threat to international security .
it be about the baggage attach .
it be all Bush 's fault .
it be also a stellar performer in term of blither idiocy .
it be also a strategic win for Overture , give that Knight Ridder have be use Google 's advertising service .
it be also a strategic win for Overture , give that Knight Ridder have the option of sign on Google 's service .
it be amusing to think it even might be true .
it be an excellent indicator of climate change .
it be announce that Green will replace Park in the Dale Earnhardt Inc. no . 1 Chevrolet , begin with the Winston Open at Lowe 's Motor Speedway next week .
it be definitely not what it use to be .
it be impose a law .
it be just a bunch of cell .
it be mostly just the Dutch .
it be not how it be sell , gb .
it be not impose moral .
it be not the same thing .
it be official : Deal reach on " fiscal cliff "
it be so stupid that it just have to be true .
it be the National Audubon Society 's annual Christmas Bird Count , now in its 104th season .
it be the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attack on New York and Washington .
it be the good advance since Oct. 1 , when the index gain 22.25 .
it be the high reading since the index be create in August 1997 .
it be the nation 's first large - scale counterterrorism exercise since the Sept. 11 terrorist attack .
it be widely expect to give Bair formal approval to offer the plane for sale to airline .
it be you who make no sense .
it can store more than a gigabyte of information equivalent to around 12 hour of music in one cubic centimetre .
it depend how you define extreme .
it do not have to be braindead .
it do not say if the man have be hang in prison .
it do not say that it do not participate .
it estimate on Thursday it have a 51 percent market share in Europe .
it explode in his hand , but the former italian prime minister be unhurt .
it finish as a work of fiction .
it generate $ 4.47 billion of profit and $ 20 billion of revenue in the year 's first half , 53 percent of Citigroup 's total .
it have a chequer safety record , include 47 accident that result in 668 death .
it have never be ejaculate on as far as I know .
it may be die because entrench interest be position themselves to control the internet 's choke - point and they be lobby the FCC to aid and abet they . "
it mean its an option .
it present a major threat to global security .
it say the patent be " allegedly " assign to Syndia in 2001 through the Lemelson Medical , Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership .
it seem like an isolated incident , " say Ariel Dean of Washington D.C. , who earn a degree in political science .
it seem like an isolated incident , '' say graduate Ariel Dean of Washington , D.C.
it still make no sense .
it uphold fallback rule that bar the same group from air ad that promote , support , attack or oppose a candidate at any time .
it will also give Microsoft an opportunity to comment on remedy propose by the Commission .
it will also help reform the Royal Solomon Islands Police , strengthen the court and prison system and protect key institution such as the Finance Ministry from intimidation .
it will be host by the australian government .
it would be difficult to overestimate the potential danger of the Remote Procedure Call ( RPC ) vulnerability .
it would not stop joke marriage .
it would take three vote to kill the ACC 's expansion .
italian Foreign Minister confer with Ghana VP
italian President Napolitano elect for second term
italian Prime Minister Mario Monti Resigns
italian fugitive arrest in Dominican Republic
italian journalist pick as presidential candidate
italian parliament back new pm
italian pilgrim die in bus plunge
italy‚äôs centre - leave splinter in presidential vote
its legal representative begin meet with plaintiff ' attorney last week to discuss a settlement .
its not an official deployment .
its safe to assume the Senate be prepared to pass some form of a cap .... the level of it be to be debate .
its share fall 71 cent , or 3.5 percent , in after - hour trading to $ 19.55 .
its share jump to $ 54.50 in pre - open trading from $ 50.90 at Wednesday 's close .
jake with the assist .
jamaat - i - islami 's youth wing 's demonstration be against a us attack on iraq .
jamaat - i - islami 's youth wing stage a separate demonstration in kashmir .
japanese plane fly into China 's new defense zone
japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi say the shift of the rod be proactive .
jetblue pilot who cause disruption on flight not guilty
jetblue pilot who disrupt flight declare insane , not guilty
jewish - american group the anti - defamation league ( adl ) publish full - page advertisement in swiss and international paper in april 2008 accuse switzerland of fund terrorism through the deal .
john duncan be great britain 's ambassador for multilateral arm control and disarmament .
join Boston on Monday be the Massachusetts community of Watertown , Saugus and Framingham .
jordanian prime minister maaruf bakhit say in july 2006 that raghdad hussein and her family be live under the protection of king abdullah ii after iraq issue its
journalist hail London Olympics opening
journalist smuggle out of Homs
joy to the World we be all vessel fill with many wonder .
judge enter not guilty plea for James Holmes
jury selection begin in Zimmerman 's trial
just so long as the tax be pay .
just so long as the tax on that sale be pay .
kadhafi warn that we and britain 's failure to compensate libya for nuclear disarmament will deter iran and north korea from disarm .
kamynin say there will be an exchange of opinion on topical international and regional matter base on a joint working relationship at the heart of the un .
kashmir be claim by both india and pakistan .
kashmir be divide between india and pakistan .
kenyan force cause mall collapse
kenyan police arrest key Al - Shabaab recruiter , financier
kerry : no deal yet in nuclear talk with Iran
khoramabad be a city in western iran .
kid be dance .
kid play soccer on a field .
kidnapped UK aid worker kill in Pakistan
kim myong - chol state that north korea would retaliate with a nuclear missile attack on major city such as new york and washington dc .
kim myong - chol warn that if there be an interdiction of north korean vessel the north korean government would retaliate with a nuclear missile attack on major city such as new york and washington .
kitchen with wooden table and cabinet .
koman will not cut Planned Parenthood funding
korobeynichev 's laboratory work with other scientific institute .
korobeynichev 's laboratory work with the u.s . lawrence livermore national laboratory .
lacey - welcome back !
laker Fire Coach Mike Brown after 1 - 4 start
laker fire Mike Brown after 1 - 4 start
large black and white cat rest on a windowsill .
large cruise ship float on the water .
large green boat float on water.l .
large silver locomotive engine in a shed .
last night japanese force attack Hong Kong .
last night japanese force attack the Philippine Islands .
last week , his lawyer ask Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency , but the governor decline to intervene .
last week , his lawyer ask Warner to grant clemency under condition that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing .
last week russia announce that it will suspend participation in the cfe .
last year , he make an unsuccessful bid for the democratic nomination for governor .
late anti - Muslim Violence in Burma Kills 1 , Injures 10
later this year , the command will send trainer with soldier from four north african nation on patrolling and intelligence gathering mission .
lavrov have tell we secretary of state condoleezza rice that russia remain open to dialogue .
lawyer and other familiar with the federal investigation say it remain focused on Campbell , though prosecutor decline to discuss the probe .
leader from albania , bosnia and herzegowina , croatia , macedonia and serbia and montenegro meet for the first time with european union leader to pursue join the european union .
lebanese gunman clash over Syria Crisis
lee state that the coa have spend the past several year set up relevant mechanism and draft a set of promotional measure to enhance development of china 's knowledge - base agriculture and application of agricultural technology .
legislation that would change state takeover law and help Bloomfield Hills - base Taubman Centers Inc. fend off a $ 1 - billion takeover win committee approval Tuesday .
less of two evil triumph in Super Bowl
let assume we have % white and % black .
let us let this play out in court .
libyan assembly reject new cabinet , dismisse pm
libyan foreign minister abdel rahman shalgam visit london during the first visit by a libyan foreign minister since 1969 .
libyan government retake Tripoli airport
libyan militia take control of Tripoli airport
license sale , a key measure of demand , fall 21 percent to $ 107.6 million .
licensing revenue slide 21 percent , however , to $ 107.6 million .
life - threaten Midwest storm fear
like this   year old who be shoot dead in a marijuana - relate crime .
likewise , the 30 - year bond < US30YT = RR > slide 1 - 11/32 for a yield of 4.38 percent , up from 4.30 percent .
lima be the capital of
liquid ammonia leak kill 15 in Shanghai
liquid ammonia leak kill at least 15 in Shanghai
little black and white calf with a tag on its ear .
little white dog wear a leash jumping after a red ball .
little white lamb with nose to wood .
live Blog : Iraq in turmoil
live Blog : Ukraine in Crisis
local Militia Bolsters islamist Militants in Mali
lol look forward to see your build - in 's !
long - haired black dog stand in grassy field .
long line form Sunday outside gas station and people rush to get money from cash machine as Israelis brace for the strike 's effect .
long line form outside gas station and people rush to get money from cash machine Sunday as Israelis prepare to weather a strike that threaten to paralyze the country .
look forward to see it !
loose change start out as a work of fiction .
lot of people play in the water at the beach .
low than   per cent but not very low .
lugar and nunn award the prime minister a medal .
lugar and nunn be senator .
mailblock be found five year after WebTV be acquire by Microsoft for $ 425 million .
major snowstorm barrel down on Central Plains
malaysia : chinese satellite find object in ocean
maldives president quit after police mutiny , protest
maldives team in India to observe an election
mali interim leader take office
mali rebel declare independent ' azawad '
man ' who set himself ablaze ' on National Mall die
man and dog stand on rock next to water
man and woman be dance slowly .
man and woman be different yes ?
man and woman find dead in Essex hotel swimming pool
man arrest after police officer shoot in leed
man arrest on suspicion of murder after stab in Suffolk
man arrest over double murder
man be fall into a pool .
man be run a race .
man charge after Buckingham Palace Arrest
man charge after MP hurt in attack
man charge with murder in flat
man convict in Vatican leak case
man die in Co Donegal house fire
man die in french ' anti - terror operation '
man in China detain after take girl to hotel
man in red jacket stand in front of lighthouse .
man in red short and white shirt kick a soccer ball .
man kill 4 in Calif. before police shoot he dead
man kill in french terror raid
man play game in a store .
man play guitar while sit down .
man quiz over Megan - Leigh murder
man ride a bicycle down a narrow path .
man ride a surfboard on a wave .
man row a boat .
man sentence to 35 year for Leaking Government secret
man sentence to 35 year in prison
man set himself on Fire on National Mall , fly to hospital
man set himself on fire at Breivik trial
man set himself on fire at Washington 's National Mall
man set himself on fire on the National Mall
man set self afire outside Breivik trial
man sit by himself on a pier with a bottle of water .
man sleep on the street .
man stand in front of a silver rail car .
man stand in front of silver train .
man stand in front of yellow corvette .
man stand on top of jagged rock near the ocean .
man try to behead soldier on London street , court hear
man wear a bib sit on a green couch .
man who set himself on Fire on National Mall Dies of Injuries
man who set himself on Fire on National Mall have die
man with blue shirt stand in front of a fountain .
man with knife arrest at entrance to Buckingham Palace
many child be play and swim in the water .
many dead as asylum boat sink off Australia
many kill in Japan road tunnel collapse
many kill in syrian air strike
many middle eastern people be sit in the back of a blue truck .
many of the attack originate abroad .
many of the change be improvement to the original plan , Libeskind say .
many of the people execute be hang in public .
many of those execute in iran be hang in public .
many people be in the bicycle racing , include one man in a three - wheeled bike .
many people run in a race on a street .
many sheep stand on a green hill .
market live : China drag
market live : wait for China datum
massive Hurricane Sandy bear down on U.S. East Coast
mauritanian president shoot at
mauritanian president shoot by army unit
maximum sustained wind be around 40 mph , with strong gust .
meantime , the Direct Marketing Association say its member should not call the nearly 51 million number on the list .
meat be drop into a pan .
median household income decline 1.1 percent between 2001 and 2002 to $ 42,409 , after account for inflation .
mediator apologize to Syrians for lack of peace progress
medic transport a patient on a stretcher .
member of Kathleen Peterson 's family be not present .
member of the proliferation security initiative be consider way of intercept ship or aircraft suspect of carry weapon of mass destruction .
mer respiratory illness find in U.S. , official confirm
merkel : russian action could lead to a catastrophe
merkel pledge NATO solidarity with Latvia
merkel to attend World Cup final
merkel win Big in Germany Election
messy computer desk with two monitor .
methamphetamine be also know as ice .
mexican president felipe calderon have send 2800 special agent and soldier to sinaloa due to the high degree of organize crime and drug trafficking .
mexican president felipe calderon have send 2800 special agent and soldier to sinaloa to fight drug trafficking .
mexican singer Jenni Rivera believe kill in plane crash
mexico wish to avoid more violence .
mexico wish to guarantee citizen ' safety .
militant attack UN as Mali hunt jihadist nightclub killers
militant kill 6 soldier in northwest Pakistan
militant stage Pakistan jailbreak
military : Syria chemical stock threaten Israel
miss Malaysia Airlines plane ' crash off Vietnam '
miss cruise passenger be a NSW ambo
miss plane search turn to vietnamese island
mixed Progress report in Fight against Islamic State
mixed reaction to NZ same - sex marriage
mob kill man for burn Quran
mobile world congress future smartphone
moderate tremor in the Central Mediterranean
mohamme elbarade be the international atomic energy agency 's director general .
mohanty state that the upgrade will be do soon as it have almost be finalise by the defense research and development organisation , hindustan aeronautic limit and the indian air force .
mom and baby among five kill as tornado rake Oklahoma City area
mom bust in and say , " what be that noise ? "
moon rock indicate earth 's orb bear of collision
moral do not exist , so technically nothing can be morally wrong .
moral have absolutely nothing to do with it !
more expensive car .
more expensive home .
morsi supporter march in Egypt
mother arrest on suspicion of manslaughter after dog kill daughter
mourner clash with police in Tunisia
mumbai photojournalist gangrape case crack , five accuse arrest
murder claim over Diana 's death new information which have be pass to the police relate to the death of Princess Diana and Dodi Fayed be think to include an allegation that they be murder
mursi swear in as egyptian president
muslim prepare for start of Ramadan
my Sheriff have tell I its bad for you .
my final word : ignore have the effect of normalizing .
my good , Kutte my ex - fiance would not use the VA or Navy doctor 's .
my gosh , I be the one with the pregnancy ticker .
my great niece be half black .
my hair be pretty thing tho :/ quote : ditto .
my hair be pretty thing tho :/ woop !
my judgment be 95 percent of that information could be declassify , become uncensored so the american people would know , " Mr. Shelby say on NBC 's " meet the Press . "
my kid bust in and say ' what s that Dad ? '
my niece be married to a black man .
my parent have tell I it be bad for you .
my teacher have tell I it be bad for you .
myanmar 's military ruler burn approximately 250 million dollar worth of illegal drug to mark the international day against drug abuse and illicit trafficking .
myanmar 's military ruler incinerate the drug to mark the international day against drug abuse and illicit trafficking .
myanmar be a military state .
myanmar be formerly call burma .
myanmar be formerly know as burma .
myanmar be the world 's large producer of illegal opium but have limit financial and technical resource for end the drug trade .
myanmar be the world 's large producer of illicit opium accord to the late u.s . state department anti - narcotics report .
myanmar government have state myanmar will become opium - free by 2014 .
myanmar government state myanmar be on track to be drug - free by 2014 .
myanmar have a military junta .
n korean ship carry Cuba missile seize
n.r . mohanty state that an agreement have be sign between the defense research and development organisation , hindustan aeronautic limit and the indian air force to upgrade india 's age fleet of mig-27 m aircraft .
nadal through to seventh french Open final
nadal tumble into french Open final
naeem m. be hang in zabol , sistan - baluchestan province .
naeem m. smuggle 10 kilogram ( 22 pound ) of heroin .
name in the complaint be former chief executive officer Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman and former CFO Barry D. Romeril .
nation like Israel and Australia already have such status .
national , regional and international effort to end the illicit trade in small arm and light weapon .
nato consider cyber attack a grow threat to military and civilian computer network .
nato regret russia 's decision to suspend participation in the cfe .
nazi chief bury in jewish cemetary
nearly half - 45 percent - be for shop or run errand .
nearly nine million people in ' severe debt '
negative RECONNAISSANCE requirement .
negotiator reach deal on Congress payroll tax cut bill
negotiator say Friday they make good progress during their late round of talk on create a Central American Free Trade Agreement .
negotiator say Friday they make progress during their late round of free - trade negotiation between the United States and five central american country this week in Houston .
neighbor kyrgyzstan have also experience raid by taliban - back islamic militant in recent year .
neither OLAF nor the belgian prosecutor have specify if it be this system that be at the centre of the investigation .
neither military action nor large - scale bribery can solve the north korean problem , Wolfowitz say .
nerve Calmed -- for now : Markets jump on Relief over Spanish Bank Bailout
never , do I ever , do I say black be go to riot .
new coronavirus can probably can be pass person to person- who
new glory for China in strive for renewal
new major earthquake rock southwest Pakistan
new rule for US Secret Service
new sex claim hit Secret Service
news be my business
news of Terrorism and the israeli - palestinian Conflict ( January 22 ‚ Äď 28 , 2014 )
news of Terrorism and the israeli - palestinian Conflict ( July 31 ‚ Äď August 6 , 2013 )
next , Baltimore take Nick Markakis , a left - handed pitcher and outfielder from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia .
nicaragua commemorate the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution .
nicaragua commemorate the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution that topple the dictatorship of anastasio somoza but impose a cuban - style leftist regime .
nicaragua have not reconcile how to approach the anniversary of the sandinista revolution .
nine child die in attack in Afghanistan attack
nine kill in gun attack in Pakistan
nine pakistani troop kill in militant ambush
nine red and white aircraft fly in formation trail smoke .
no , I show you be willfully ignorant .
no , it be not an answer .
no , none of those factor account for the recent warming .
no . 2 HP see its Unix server sale drop 3.6 percent to $ 1.36 billion .
no . Jury nullification do not mean that a law be unconstuitutional .
no Americans be report among the casualty , accord to Capt . Michael Calvert , a spokesman for the regiment .
no Sign of russian Withdrawal from Ukraine Border , Official say
no Thatcherite can ever call themselves a libertarian .
no agreement at Iran nuclear talk
no argument with Jakarta on boat : Abbott
no block to investment
no charge be announce , but the statement say legal proceeding be expect Monday .
no charge have be file in those death , but Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas say authority be " continue to make significant progress " in the case .
no damage , tsunami after 6.6 quake hit off Indonesia 's Sumatra
no deal on fiscal cliff as Obama go on holiday
no extortion , no bribery , no money involve he be ask for money for his vote .
no extortion , no bribery , no money involve only class e felony .
no have have shut down the oil field .
no healthy person need gambling .
no healthy person need sex .
no missile evidence .
no missile witness .
no other drug have become as integral in decade .
no plan to shut petrol pump at night moily
no problem if Mulayam form Third Front : Congress
no problem if Mulayam form third front : Digvijay
no tumor be detect ; rather , empty cavity and scar tissue be find in their place .
no update on Nelson Mandela 's condition
no winner in a war of sanction
nokia apologise for ' fake ' ad
nomination open for e. TV Ghana Most Influential Awards
non - proliferation expert at the international institute for strategic study mark fitzpatrick state that the iaea report -- have an unusually strong tenor .
none of the casualty be Americans , say Capt . Michael Calvert , regiment spokesman .
north american future point to a sub - par start to trading on Tuesday , with investor ready to get their first taste of quarterly earning .
north american stock market get off to a slow start Tuesday , with investor ready to get their first taste of quarterly earning .
north and South Korea break their silence with talk
north korea be a reclusive state .
north korea be currently in the process of dismantle its nuclear weapon program .
north korea deny involvement in any nuclear program in syria .
north korea deny involvement in any syrian nuclear project .
north korea have boast of nuclear ambition and north korea be now report to have missile train on
north korea have claim nuclear ambition and currently north korea be report to have missile aim at japan .
north korea should not act far to aggravate the situation .
north korean cargo reveal missile repair trade with Cuba
north korean intrigue : the execution of power
north korean leader send ' special envoy ' to China
north korean official be suspect of build nuclear weapon .
norway mark anniversary of massacre
not a constitutional issue .
not as irritated as you .
not astro or oriole bad Gameday for the oriole game be freeze for I .
not count energy price , wholesale price be down 0.9 percent .
not guilty plea for James Holmes – but insanity option still on table
not so Super Tuesday for Mitt Romney
not well alright just get in .
note the subheading of this terrible parable in the " American Masters " series , " Arthur Miller , Elia Kazan and the Blacklist : none without sin . "
nothing be stop this thing from play out in court .
novice ' steer South Korea ferry '
now , Blanca 's american husband , 63 - year - old Roger Lawrence Strunk , face a murder indictment issue in February by the philippine government , which say he be the lead suspect .
now , Blanca 's husband , 63 - year - old Roger Lawrence Strunk of Tracy , face a murder indictment issue by the philippine government in February .
now , militant battle pakistani police
now she have her first trophy after victory in the US Women 's Amateur public link here on Sunday .
nuclear weapon system at a high level of readiness increase the risk of those weapon be use include unintentionally with catastrophic consequence .
obama : Congress , world credibility on line
obama : Patriot missile battery , troop to stay in Jordan near syrian border
obama encourage Boy scout to end ban on gay
obama in ‚ äėdirect‚äô confrontation with Putin on Ukraine
obama mourn death of icon Nelson Mandela
obama sign up for Obamacare
obama to announce gun control plan Wednesday
obama to deliver statement on Syria at White House at 1:15 pm
obama to meet Batman gun victim
obama to meet Mandela family will not visit hospital
obama to meet embattle Veterans Secretary
obama to meet family of shoot victim
obama to meet privately with family of Nelson Mandela
obama to meet with Mandela family
obama to press Congress to act on economy
obama to refocus on economy in State of the Union
obama to set out gun control plan
obama to sign up for Obamacare
obama voice willingness to talk with GOP on budget
observatory say russian air strike kill 45 in Syria
occupation to confiscate 30 dunum of palestinian land in Deir Estia
occupy palestinian territory : Israel warn on security as Gaza truce talk resume
occupy palestinian territory : Palestinians face a Route to Nowhere
occupy palestinian territory : Palestinians rebuff US peace talk blueprint
occupy palestinian territory : israeli force continue to shed palestinian blood in oPt
of 24 million phone - in vote , 50.28 percent be for Studdard , put he 130,000 vote ahead of Aiken .
of course there be no weapon .
of the 1.1 million infect in south Asia , 62 % be female .
of the 24 million phone vote cast , Studdard be only 130,000 vote ahead of Aiken .
of those three , only Dillard 's respond to the survey that rank 45 large company on employment , marketing , procurement , community reinvestment and charitable donation .
of those who sign the letter , 57 be senator , include 24 Republicans .
officer have tell I its bad for you .
officer injure in India anti - rape protest die
officer throw he to the ground and handcuff he , and Reyna drop a knee into his back , accord to testimony .
official : Gaza man kill in israeli airstrike ( AP )
official : Romney to get Secret Service protection
official at Brandeis say this be an " extremely heartrending " time for the campus .
official be try to retrieve the body from the water , " police officer J.D. Tambe tell Reuters , add 26 of the dead be woman .
official be try to retrieve the body from the water , " police official J.D. Tambe tell Reuters .
official in estonia include prime minister andrus ansip have claim that some of the cyber attack come from russian government computer include computer in the office of russian president vladimir putin .
official of Malaysia Airlines brief relative of miss flight passenger about search progress
official say kenyan force cause mall collapse
official state that decision about the treaty will depend on u.s . action on its plan to deploy missile defense system in poland and the czech republic .
official with North Carolina Speedway at Rockingham could not be reach .
official with Torch and JetBlue do not respond to repeat phone call from the Mercury News seek comment .
oh , and again assert that marriage be a fundamental human right .
oh , little town of Bethlehem — for real
oil firm ask rogue trader about meet with minister
oil price rise on hope for stimulus
oil slip below $ 108 ahead of Iran nuclear talk
old blue and white train on track .
old green bottle sit on a table .
old tv alignment crack at the edge
on 50th anniversary of JFK death , Dallas hold its first memorial
on Aug. 8 , Juvenile Court Judge Robert Yeates order that Parker be place in protective custody .
on July 10 , a team of 32 singaporean police officer be send to Baghdad .
on May 1 , he crawl through a narrow , winding canyon , rappel down a 60 - foot cliff and walk some six mile down the canyon .
on Monday , China say nine more people have die from SARS and that 160 more be infect with the virus .
on Monday , EchoStar ( dish : news , chart , profile ) share shrink $ 1.40 , or 4.4 percent , to $ 30.63 .
on Saturday , Roddick equal the world record with a 149 m.p.h . serve in beat Andre Agassi .
on Saturday , a 149 mph serve against Agassi equal Rusedski 's world record .
on Saturday , the International Committee of the Red Cross say it be temporarily close its office in Baghdad and Basra .
on Sunday , a U.S. soldier be kill and another injure in southern Iraq when a munition dump exploded .
on Sunday , a U.S. soldier be kill and another injure when a munition dump they be guard explode in southern Iraq .
on Tuesday , before Byrd 's speech , Fleischer say Bush want '' to see an aircraft land the same way that the pilot see an aircraft landing .
on Tuesday , he pick up the endorsement of the United Steelworkers of America .
on Tuesday , the central bank leave interest rate steady , as expect , but also declare that overall risk be weight toward weakness and warn of deflation risk .
on Wall Street , the Dow Jones Industrial Average rise 0.5 per cent at 9,905.8 and the Nasdaq Composite add 0.7 per cent at 1,995.1 .
on Wednesday , attendee will vote on resolution that express the southern Baptist view on issue , but be not bind on individual church .
on Wednesday , the total of National Guard and Reserve member call to active duty worldwide stand at 154,603 .
on Wednesday next week , Mr Bush will meet israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and new palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas in Aqaba , Jordan .
on the other hand , if this will help far establish Steve 's innocence , we welcome it . "
on the upside , Coca - Cola Co. ( nyse : KO - news - people ) report high profit for the quarter early on Thursday , help by european demand .
on the week , the Dow Jones industrial average rise 11.56 point , while the Nasdaq Stock Market gain 39.42 point .
ona explicitly state that it do not receive intelligence material indicate that Jemaah Islamiyah terrorist network be plan to mount an operation in Bali .
once convert , BayStar will own an aggregate of approximately 2.95 million share of SCO common stock or 17.5 percent of the company 's outstanding share .
one , Capt . Doug McDonald , remain hospitalize in critical condition on Thursday .
one NATO soldier kill in S. Afghanistan
one World Trade Center name tallest US building
one boy be talk with other man .
one child pull another , sit in a red wagon , along the sand .
one dead , 11 hurt in LA car chaos
one dead in Ohio school shooting
one dead in new israeli strike on Gaza
one have also point to the word refugee in an English / turkish dictionary .
one indian government official who study the blueprint state the science be old and dated but still functional .
one kill in clash at Muslim Brotherhood Cairo office
one man and two woman dress in vampire costume
one man have brandish an english - turkish dictionary and point to the word " refugee " .
one man in an orange shirt wear a white helmet be ride a bike .
one month ago in the same poll , Katz be lead 46 to 40 percent .
one of the 14 Kurds point at the word " refugee " in an English / turkish dictionary .
one of the defining and well - study characteristic of temperament be how people react to novelty .
one of the key suspect in the October nightclub bombing that kill more than 200 people in Bali go on trial Monday amid tight security .
one of the most well study facet of temperament be how people respond to novelty .
one question be whether France , which infuriate Washington by lead the charge against U.N. authorization for the war , would vote " yes " or abstain .
one week later : Boston honor bombing victim ; suspect unable to speak
one woman hand volleyball to another woman who serve they .
one word : zombie have Annie ever use her sexuality like that ?
only 29 family of frog be know , most of which be name by the mid-1800 .
only 29 family of frog be know and most be identify and describe in the mid-1800 and the last in 1926 .
only New Jersey now ban holder of learner permit or intermediate license from use cell phone , pager or other wireless device while drive .
only two bomb find in Boston Marathon attack
ooo strike two those who ignore history be doom to repeat it .
opening ceremony give Olympics a rocking start
operate revenue rise to $ 1.45 billion from $ 1.38 billion last year .
opinion be different .
opium be the raw ingredient for heroin .
or sin be remove upon entry to heaven .
or the   year old boy shoot dead with automatic weapon by marijuana dealer .
or this one by Jim Croce we be all vessel fill with many wonder .
oracle chairman Larry Ellison have hint that the company could yet again increase its offer for rival PeopleSoft .
oracle share also rise on the news , up 15 cent to $ 13.51 on the Nasdaq .
oracle share be also high , trade up 12 cent at $ 13.60 .
oracle share fall 27 cent , or 2 percent , to $ 13.09 .
organizer establish a web site , http://defacerschallenge.com , list in break English the rule for hacker who might participate .
originally post by IZZY !
originally post by JonD Doubtful .
originally post by Lone Fox and it be not all iranian relate either .
originally post by Lone Fox you 've say that multiple time now .
originally post by Odins eye .Nazi be a slang term for the NSWP .
originally post by SolInvictus Ah .
originally post by SolInvictus the messahe of all the scripture be oneness .
originally post by Vienna how be it authoritarian ?
originally post by Vienna to ' say ' what ?
originally post by Vitchilo March   be also the date for the uprising in CHINA .
originally post by anabelle what be wrong with that ?
originally post by eleanor.ellis
originally post by jacko !
originally post by muslim girl its not a complete impossibility .
originally post by muslim girl ooop sorry !
originally post by objectivism not wishful thinking , rather realistic .
originally post by spikdboy not wishful thinking , rather realistic .
originally post by zaf I give up .
originally post by zaf I suppose the water in the middle make a difference .
originally post by zaf in the long term , yes .
originally post by zaf we in Britain think differently to Americans .
orphan alp massacre girl return to uk
os ANGELES - '' The Hulk '' be a monster at the box office in its debut weekend , take in a June opening record of $ 62.6 million .
other business be volunteer to put the alert on their electronic sign and billboard .
other change in the plan refine his original vision , Libeskind say .
other country and private creditor be owe at least $ 80 billion in addition .
other country be owe at least $ us80 billion ( $ 108.52 billion ) .
other nation involve in the PSI include Germany , Italy , the Netherlands , Poland , Portugal , Spain and Britain .
other people have no confidence at all in teh people run these institution .
other with such a status be Egypt , Israel , and Australia .
out of touch and completely untrustworthy , however , would not .
out of touch and untrustworthy ?
outrage after Indian Girl , 6 , rape at her school
outrage after report emerge about 6 - year - old indian girl rape at school
outside the court , Sriyanto , who face up to 25 year ' jail , deny he have do anything wrong .
outside the court , Sriyanto deny to the age that he have do anything wrong .
over 100 dead as typhoon slams central Philippines
over 2,000 migrant rescue from wooden boat in Mediterranean
over 70 dead in spanish high - speed train crash
owner , other charge in Bangladesh factory fire
ozawa say that if japan rise to the occasion then japan will never be beat even in term of military power .
p5 + 1 member be britain , china , france , russia , germany and the united states .
pak mission in UAE gear up for election
pakistan fighter jet bomb ' Taliban hideout '
pakistani Taliban chief Hakimullah Mehsud kill in drone strike
pakistani Taliban chief kill in US drone strike
pakistani Taliban name new leader after drone strike
pakistani girl learn a hard lesson
pakistani girl shoot by Taliban appear on video
pakistani plane crash with 127 on board
pakistani plane crash with 130 People on Board
pakistani prisoner assault in Jammu jail
palestinian President receive jordanian Foreign Minister
palestinian Shot by israeli Police in East Jerusalem die
palestinian activist detain in israeli raid
palestinian ambassador injure in apartment blast
palestinian diplomat die in Prague blast
palestinian diplomat injure in explosion in Prague
palestinian diplomat kill in explosion in Prague
palestinian hunger striker , Israel reach deal
palestinian leadership back Fatah - Hamas Doha deal
palestinian leadership condemn israeli FM call to oust Abbas
palestinian official slam Israel 's stone - throw bill
palestinian president assign academic to form West Bank gov't
palestinian president want Israelis to talk peace
palestinian prisoner arrive at Muqata in Ramallah
palestinian prisoner die of cancer , unrest in Israel jail
palestinian prisoner end hunger strike after deal
palestinian prisoner to end hunger strike
panda 's play on a swing .
panetta : Afghanistan top NATO Conference topic
paper be be cut with scissor .
paranoid get any proof ?
parent demand common form for nursery admission
parent receive letter inform they of the possible contamination yesterday .
paris be the capital of france .
park white double decker bus .
part of pro - life be the opposition to legalized abortion .
particularly after state that marriage be a fundamental human right .
pass in 1999 but never put into effect , the law would have make it illegal for bar and restaurant patron to light up .
pass in 1999 but never put into effect , the smoking law would have prevent bar and restaurant patron from light up , but exempt private club from the regulation .
passenger be evacuate smoothly , although they be not tell what be go on , he say .
passenger dead in Italy bus plunge
pc David Rathband : twin brother 's fear for his ' bestest mate '
pcb appoint Waqar Younis as head coach
peace lie over the South China Sea
peace talk with Palestinians would take month : Israel official
peaceful anti - g8 protest hold in Belfast
peacekeeper kill in Abyei clash
peeve so we agree that it come down essentially in freefall ?
permalink to two kill in Germany train accident
personal responsibility much ?
personally I would read the bible to learn about christianity .
philippine , rebel reach wealth - share deal
philippine and rebel reach ' wealth deal '
philippine quake death toll climb to 73
philippine recover after powerful typhoon
philippine typhoon death toll at 4,460 : UN
philippine typhoon death toll fear to hit 7,000
philippine typhoon death toll rise above 5,000
photo of a television screen show a movie .
photo show N. Korea nuclear readiness
physicist danilov be convict of sell classified information on space technology to china .
physicist valentin danilov be find guilty of sell classified information on space technology to china .
picture of the Day
picture of the day : 11 April 2013
picture of the day : 7 August 2013
picture show complete Costa Concordia operation
pilot kill as US jet crash in England
pine say he would convene the relevant party body within 10 day to discuss whether new election would be hold or whether a temporary leader would be appoint .
pistorius cop on seven attempt murder charge
pistorius officer drop from case
pistorius officer on attempt murder charge
plaintiff ' attorney would get $ 4.1 million of the settlement .
plane Crash Site Search call off for the Night
plane crash in Ghana kill at least 10
plane in mid - flight at sunset .
plastic artist call for great support for new talent
plastic toy be float in water .
play with Fire we be all vessel fill with many wonder .
please , what about they be not true .
police arrest 2 honduran drug trafficking suspect .
police state that-- chung have be on the run .
police state tsai wen - huang would be extradite to taiwan .
politician in flag violence talk
poll : Putin to win Russia presidential vote
poll close in Senegal 's presidential election
poll close in egyptian presidential election
poll open across France in presidential election
poll open in France for presidential election
poll open in russian presidential election
polling station open at ukrainian presidential election
poverty stat doubt Modi 's development claim
powerful 6.9 quake strike off California coast
powerful 7.6 quake strike off solomon
powerful new earthquake hit shatter Pakistan region
prairie dog , usually find in southwestern and western state , be not indigenous to Wisconsin .
prairie dog be believe to have become infect in a pet shop through a gambian rat import from Africa .
prairie dog sell as exotic pet be believe to have be infect in an Illinois pet shop by a gambian giant rat import from Africa .
pregnant Sudan woman who marry a christian man sentence to death for ' apostasy '
preliminary report be that the man be not see together at the airport , source say .
president dmitry medvedev 's statement be post on the kremlin website and carry in full by state news agency .
president putin state that russia would take countermeasure .
president vladimir putin sign a decree suspend russia 's participation in the conventional force in europe treaty .
presidential vote polarise Egyptians
press awash with Nigeria\ 's general election
press one do not " do " english .
press one do send a tone .
previously , it have report a profit of $ 12 million , or 0 cent a share , for that period .
previously , it have report a small profit of $ 12 million , or break - even on a per - share basis , for the period .
previously he have see the grinning mechanic from east Java only on television .
price have pull back from offshore high when the Empire State survey far exceed expectation by jump to 26.8 in June , a record high , from 10.6 in May .
prior to join Eastman Kodak , Mr. Palumbo hold senior marketing position for Procter & Gamble .
prior to join Kodak , Palumbo work for Procter & Gamble Corp. , where he manage product such as Folgers and Pantene shampoo .
pro - Russians force enter ukrainian naval base in Crimea
pro - choice people do not try to force an abortion on anyone .
pro - life also refer to just " opposition to abortion " .
pro - life people do not want a woman to be able to choose abortion for herself .
pro - palestinian Activists March to UN Headquarters
pro - palestinian activist prepare flotilla to break Gaza blockade
pro - russia rebel down malaysian plane : Ukraine
pro - russia rebel to hold vote in Ukraine
probe into motor insurance market
product feature Vanderpool will be release within five year , he say .
profile of Egypt 's main presidential candidate
profile of Kenya 's presidential candidate
prosecutor contend that Mr. Durst have plot the murder to assume Mr. Black 's identity .
prosecutor do an about - face in May and ask that the autopsy report be unseal after portion of Conner Peterson 's autopsy report favorable to the defense be leak to the medium .
prosecutor file a motion inform Lee they intend to seek the death penalty .
prosecutor maintain that Durst murder Black to try to assume Black 's identity .
protest against US drone strike in Pak postpone
protest and appeal for calm after Zimmerman acquit of Trayvon Martin murder
protest at Pussy Riot verdict
protest continue in Brazil
protest continue in Ukraine despite concession
protest continue in tense Ukraine capital
protest plan across Brazil despite concession
protest sweep Brazil despite concession
protester clash with police at Jantar Mantar , 5 people detain
protester gather in Brazil despite concession
protester swamp street to reclaim revolution
protester topple Lenin statue in Kiev
prove that the Millville son 's sacrifice would not go unsung , Mayor James Quinn order all city flag fly at half - mast for the next 30 day .
proverb   John the Baptist be a Nazarite from birth .
puerto cabezas be locate 557 km northeast of managua , nicaragua .
puerto rican arrest for production of child pornography
put a Little Love in your heart we be all vessel fill with many wonder .
putin announce that the cfe treaty do not duly protect russia 's security interest .
putin state that russia could discard the treaty entirely if western nation refuse to ratify its amend version .
putin state that the russian government could withdraw from the treaty altogether if western nation refuse to ratify the amend treaty .
putin warn that russia would take retaliatory action .
qatari emir hand power to son Tamim
qpr 1 - 2 West Ham : Match report , picture & video highlight
quake of 6.2 magnitude strike off Indonesia 's Sumatra - USGS
quartet call on Israelis , Palestinians to end irritant
queen meet Britain 's new baby prince
queen name giant aircraft carrier
queen pay tribute to Nelson Mandela
queen to name big ever carrier
queen visit Britain 's new prince
queen visit London soldier attack scene
question arise over chemical weapon claim in Syria
quotation in the news
quotation of the day
quote from leader , family at Mandela memorial
raccoon be eat .
racer be run down a track .
radio : Israel set to increase palestinian prisoner release
radio prankster in tear over nurse ’s death
raider kill 38 in late land clash in Kenya
rally demand ' Justice for Trayvon '
ranger vote into Division Three
ranger vote into third division
rapper C - Murder have be convict of second - degree murder , a crime that carry an automatic life sentence , in the shooting death of a 16 - year - old inside a Jefferson Parish nightclub .
rapturous welcome for Aung San Suu Kyi 's historic trip
rba deliver another rate cut
reaction to the prospect of military action against Syria
read More : you have never meet anyone that be Pro - abortion ?
rebel fighter ' capture ' syrian soldier
rebel kill 21 civilian in Syria Alawite village
rebel kill two park ranger in eastern Congo
record - set Southwest heat wave turn fatal
red and white bus drive down road .
red bus be park by a large white building beside a formal garden .
red double decker bus .
red double decker bus drive down a street .
red double decker bus drive down street .
red double decker bus drive through the street .
red double decker bus on side of street .
red double decker bus take on passenger .
red double decker bus with hood open .
red double decker bus with hood up .
red panda‚äôs short - live zoo escape
red sport car on top of white semi truck .
red sport car race down track .
red truck spinning tire and emit smoke from behind .
redskin trade for No . 2 pick
refresh your memory : who supposedly operate the homicidal gas chamber ?
regional and international non - proliferation issue should be address through dialogue and negotiation .
regulation get the government into everything .
relative scuffle with police after China fire kill 120
relief be in sight for Texans saddle with skyrocket homeowner insurance premium .
relief in Boston as second suspect capture
religion that do not do that I do not have a problem with .
religion that do that I have a problem with .
religious extremism continue in pakistan despite the banning of militant group .
religious extremism continue in pakistan despite the banning of militant group by the pakistani government .
religious fiction be not that redundant and repetetive ?
remain in Winchester could be King Alfred the great
remain of 167 body find in mexican cave
remain of 167 people find in Mexico cave
remark with Foreign Minister Koichiro Gemba
remark with Prime Minister Elkeib after their meeting
renowned spanish flamenco guitarist Paco De Lucia die
report of two explosion at finish line of Boston Marathon
report state that the syrian government be conceal a nuclear facility at the attack site .
repsol blast Argentina over nationalization of YPF
repsol blast Argentina over oil nationalization
rescuer race to find 20 still trap in India building collapse
researcher find that sea ice in the Arctic be disappear at a rate of 9 percent each decade .
resident return to Fallujah
resident return to Texas blast site
resolution 1540 require all country to adopt law to prevent non - state actor from manufacturing , acquire or traffic in nuclear , biological or chemical weapon , the material to make they , and the missile and other system to deliver they .
respectfully submit , Steve I have see UFO over Warsaw in the past .
restrain extremist group be become increasingly difficult because of how the group be finance .
result of the 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey release yesterday by Statistics Canada suggest living standard have improve but still lag for those off reserve .
retail pricing for SMS 2003 with 10 device client access license be $ 1,219 .
retailer back Bangladesh factory safety pact
revenue for " the Hulk " come in well below those of last month 's Marvel Comics adaptation , " x2 : x - men United , " which gross $ 85.6 million in its opening weekend .
revenue rise 3.9 percent , to $ 1.63 billion from $ 1.57 billion .
ride operator charge in N.C. fair accident
road with the rear image of the tail light of a bus .
roadside bomb ' kill eight afghan soldier '
roadside bomb kill 3 policeman in Afghanistan
roadside bomb kill 3 policeman in southern Afghanistan
roadside bomb kill 5 in Afghanistan
rock , Tear Gas Fly as Thai Protests Heat up
rock , tear gas fly as Thai protest heat up
rock band ' plane make emergency landing in Ill.
romanian president declare victory
romney announce Paul Ryan as run mate
romney pledge to ' stand with Israel ' on Iran threat
romney to tap Ryan as vice presidential running mate
room with several computer monitor .
rooney help Man United beat Everton 3 - 0 in Premier League
rouhani lead in Iran presidential vote - preliminary result
rouhani lead in initial Iran count
royal sorrow over nurse 's death
run victim down Got any proof ?
runner compete in a race .
runner race around a track .
rupee down 8 paise vs dollar in early trade
rupee up 22 paise against dollar in early trade
russia 's decision to suspend participation in the cfe be a step in the wrong direction .
russia 's suspension of obligation under the cfe treaty be temporary .
russia : Syria agree to participate in conference
russia already participate in the european space agency 's
russia and nato member country will hold meeting this fall on the conventional force in europe treaty ( cfe ) .
russia be a member of the nsg .
russia be a member of the quartet on the middle east .
russia be fulfil obligation and decrease force .
russia have ratify the amend version but the united states and other nato member have refuse to do so until the russian government withdraw troop from the former soviet republic of moldova and georgia .
russia have repeatedly threaten withdrawal from the cfe in opposition to plan for the extension of the us missile defense shield to eastern europe .
russia have threaten several time to withdraw from the cfe when it be at odd with the united states over u.s . plan to install a missile defense shield in eastern
russia imprison people without evidence of illegal activity .
russia may pull out of the treaty if the we and other nato ally refuse to ratify the amend version .
russia ratify the amend treaty .
russia ratify the amend version of the treaty .
russia ratify the update treaty in 2004 .
russia ratify the update treaty in 2004 but the united states and other nato member have refuse to do so argue that moscow must first fulfill obligation to withdraw force from georgia and from moldova 's separatist region of tran - dniester .
russia say the system be a clear threat to russian security .
russia suspend its participation in a key european arm control treaty that govern deployment of troop in europe .
russia would not hesitate to increase military strength along russian border if the need arise .
russia would not immediately increase military strength along russian border .
russian Air Force celebrate 100th anniversary
russian Orthodox Church rally faithful after criticism
russian Prime Minister on Second day of Crimea visit
russian air force 's 100th anniversary
russian aircraft wreckage find after a year
russian coal mine seek new outlet in China
russian court release Greenpeace ship doctor on bail
russian court to rule in Pussy Riot trial
russian foreign minister to meet UN chief
russian investigator state that the british company be a cia cover .
russian lawmaker pass new bill restrict internet
russian meteorite leave build gape open
russian military official state the decision would depend on whether the united states proceed with its plan to deploy missile defense component in poland and the czech republic .
russian official have call for a conference on the conventional force in europe treaty to discuss ratification of the amend treaty .
russian official state that russia will not reconsider the suspension .
russian parliament allow Putin to use military in Ukraine
russian parliament to consider ban on U.S. adoption
russian parliament vote unanimously to suspend russia 's participation in the conventional force in europe ( cfe ) treaty .
russian plane reportedly crash in Egypt
russian president putin sign decree suspend russia 's application of european arm control treaty .
russian president vladimir putin sign a decree suspend russia 's participation in the conventional force in europe treaty due to circumstance that affect the security of the russian federation and require immediate measure .
russian president vladimir putin state that the decision be a response to u.s . plan to establish missile defense site in eastern europe and to nato 's failure to ratify an amend version of the treaty .
russian president vladimir putin state that the decision to cease implementation of the conventional force in europe treaty be a response to u.s . plan to establish missile defense site in eastern europe and to nato 's failure to ratify an amend version of the treaty .
russian roulette in Syria
russian stock fall after the arrest last Saturday of Mikhail Khodorkovsky , chief executive of Yukos Oil , on charge of fraud and tax evasion .
russian tv report foil attempt on Putin
russian warplane strike inside Syria
ryanair chief hail report finding
sadly Ford do accept taxpayer money .
safe bourada be sentence to 15 year in prison .
saferworld team leader on transfer control and small arm roy isbister state that -- the eu embargo explicitly state that no military equipment should be supply either directly or indirectly for use in myanmar .
saferworld team leader on transfer control and small arm roy isbister stated-- the eu embargo prohibit direct or indirect supply of military equipment for use in myanmar .
sail boat float on the blue water .
sail boat sail on the water .
sailboat sailing on a cloudy day .
sale for the quarter beat expectation , rise 37 percent year - on - year to 1.76 billion euro .
sale rise 37 per cent year - on - year to 1.76bn , beat expectation .
sandy strengthen as nears coast ; Wall Street shut
santo state colombian police find the evidence in 2 computer discover with slain rebel leader raul reyes .
santo state the radioactive material be the primary basis for generate crude weapon of mass destruction and terrorism .
saudi Women allow to compete at Olympics
saudi airstrike in Yemen 's capital kill 29
saudi arabia be an absolute monarchy and have a consultative council appoint by the government .
saudi arabia be an absolute monarchy that have take step towards reform .
saudi man travel with Pressure Cooker arrest
saudi man with pressure cooker arrest at Detroit airport
saudi to give lebanese army $ 3 billion
saudi to permit woman to compete in Olympics
saudi woman drive in protest with little problem
saudi woman to protest against Driving Ban
say Mr. Burke : " it be a textbook land consider the circumstance . "
say what you will we be all vessel fill with many wonder .
scenario A assume that the CO growth rate accelerate by .%/yr .
school bomb attack kill two in southern Thailand
school that do not meet the testing goal for two year in a row must offer transfer .
school that fail to meet state goal for three year in a row must offer tutoring in addition to transfer .
science fiction legend Ray Bradbury dead at 91
scientist believe Stardust trap thousand of particle of dust .
scientist resurrect flower from Prehistoric seed
search after man sweep into sea
search end for miss asylum - seeker
search leader urge caution in finding relate to miss malaysian jetliner
search narrow for miss man
searcher hope ping come from lose malaysian airliner
second - quarter sale grow 7 percent , to $ 645 million from $ 600 million in 2002 .
second day of egyptian presidential election
second islamist hunger striker die in a tunisian prison
second teenager charge with murder
sectarian clash rock lebanese city , 3 kill
sectarian clash rock lebanese city of Tripoli
security analyst say the new version , W32 / Sobig . C - mm , have already reach a " high level " outbreak status by mid - afternoon on Monday .
security expert be warn that a new mass - mailing worm be spread widely across the internet , sometimes pose as e - mail from the Microsoft founder .
security light have also be instal and police have sweep the ground for booby trap .
security light have also be instal on a barn near the front gate .
security official kill in Yemen
security personnel kill in Pakistan raid
security tighten at New Delhi church after attack
see that make no sense .
seismic datum do not equal duration of collapse .
semiconductor giant Intel Corp. say yesterday that its second - quarter profit double from a year ago as strong - than - expect demand for computer microprocessor offset the weakness of its communication chip business .
senegalese president to visit China
senior CPC official meet top DPRK leader 's special envoy
senior US general link to Petraeus scandal
senior cleric : Iran will attack Tel Aviv if Israel strike
senior fellow at the international institute for strategic study mark fitzpatrick state that-- the international atomic energy agency plan be superficial .
senior journalist kill in Pakistan
senior would then have to pay 50 percent of their drug cost up to $ 3,450 .
sensex down 193 point on budget blue
separatist down Ukraine military plane , several dead
sequent representative could not immediately be reach for comment on the SCO announcement .
series of attack kill 10 police in Afghanistan
series of deadly attack strike Iraq
service official say Carlson refuse to recuse himself from the case .
settler Beat up palestinian in Jerusalem
seven 20- and 21 - year - old cadet be ticket by police for drink alcohol in an off - campus hotel room early Saturday with two young woman , aged 16 and 18 .
seven 20- and 21 - year - old male cadet be catch in an off - campus hotel room early Saturday with two female teen , 16 and 18 year .
seven Filipinos slay in Yemen attack
seven foreign worker kidnap in Nigeria
seven kidnapper kill in southern Nigeria
seven peacekeeper kill in Sudan 's darfur
several Florida official connect to the case have receive threatening letter , accompany by rifle bullet .
several black democratic leader be attempt to arrange a meeting with DNC chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoff .
several cardinal stand in the snow .
several child play in a ball pit .
several cow graze on the median by the road .
several dead , 550 injure in Argentina train crash
several ferret climb out of their cage .
several people be sit around a fire at night .
several people on motorcycle in a market square .
several relative of australian victim of the attack be in court to witness the proceeding , but few Balinese attend the trial .
several relative of australian victim of the attack sit in the front row of the court , but few Balinese attend the trial .
several sheep graze in the field .
several shot ring out Wednesday night , but no gator be kill then .
several shot ring out in the darkness , but only one gator have be kill by 11 p.m.
several state and the federal government later pass similar or more strict ban .
several suv park on residential street in Monrovia be tag with ` ` ELF '' and other slogan , say Sgt . Tom Wright .
several thousand 3rd Infantry troop , include the 3rd Brigade Combat Team base at Fort Benning in Columbus , begin return last week .
severe Gales as Storm Clodagh hit Britain
sewol ferry crew face trial
sewol ferry disaster : body of south korean shipping tycoon find
sex attack on woman investigate
shalgam 's visit to london be the first by a libyan foreign minister since 1969 .
share close on NASDAQ just below their 52 - week high , at $ 32.17 , up $ 1.54 .
share in EDS close on Thursday at $ 18.51 , a gain of 6 cent .
share in Microsoft slip 4.7 percent in after - hour trade to $ 27.54 from a Nasdaq close of $ 28.91 .
share jump almost 7 percent in pre - open trading , rise to $ 18.26 from $ 17.05 at Tuesday 's close .
share move higher on Wall Street
share of Coke be down 26 cent to close at $ 44.10 on the New York Stock Exchange .
share of Coke be up 6 cent at $ 44.42 in afternoon trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange .
share of Corixa be gain 71 cent , or 10 % , to $ 7.91 on the Nasdaq .
share of EDS close Thursday at $ 18.51 , up 6 cent on the New York Stock Exchange .
share of Express Scripts ESRX.O fall about 4 percent to $ 66.73 on the Nasdaq in late morning trade .
share of Fox Entertainment Group Inc. , News Corp. 's U.S. medium and entertainment arm , fall 45 cent to $ 26.85 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading .
share of Gillette close down 45 cent at $ 33.70 in trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange .
share of Guidant be down 5.3 percent at $ 40.92 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
share of Guidant plummet in trading both on and off the New York Stock Exchange before a news halt be impose after midday .
share of Hartford be up $ 2.28 , or 5.2 percent , to $ 45.90 in midday trading .
share of Hartford rise $ 2.88 to $ 46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading .
share of LendingTree rise $ 6.03 , or 41 percent , to close at $ 20.72 on the Nasdaq stock market yesterday .
share of LendingTree rise $ 6.21 , or 42 percent , to $ 20.90 after hit $ 21.36 early .
share of Littleton , Colorado - base EchoStar rise $ 1.63 , or 5.3 percent , to $ 32.26 at 10:55 a.m.
share of McDonald 's rise $ 1.83 , or 8.3 percent , to close at the day 's high of $ 23.89 .
share of Redwood Shores - base Oracle rise 14 cent to $ 13.62 .
share of SCO close at $ 10.93 , down 28 cent , in Monday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
share of San Diego - base Jack in the Box close at $ 21.49 , up 78 cent , or 3.8 percent , on the New York Stock Exchange .
share of Tampa - base Outback Steakhouse Inc. close at $ 44.50 , up $ 1.78 , or 4.2 percent , on the New York Stock Exchange .
share of USA Interactive rise $ 2.28 , or 7 percent , to $ 34.96 on Friday in Nasdaq Stock Market composite trading and have gain 53 percent this year .
sharia be islamic law .
she , in turn , occasionally tell John that she be still sleep with an ex - boyfriend , " baywatch " hunk Michael Bergin .
she also pledge to bring peace to Iraq : " american do not cut and run , we have to see this misadventure through . "
she ask to be excuse from last week 's Cabinet session to prepare for a meeting with the president of Rwanda and Uganda .
she be a great lady .
she be a nice lady .
she countersue for $ 125 million , say Gruner & Jahr break its contract with she by cut she out of key editorial decision .
she countersue for $ 125 million , say g+j break its contract with she by cut she out of key editorial decision and manipulate the magazine 's financial figure .
she have only a single condition , that the book not be publish until her death .
she insist , though , that it not be publish until after her death .
she say Jane Doe 's lawyer ask Verizon to withhold her name because she be plan on challenge the subpoena .
she say he persist and she eventually allow he to fix her bike while she sit in the front seat of his car .
she say she do not know yet whether she would certify the budget .
she say she eventually allow he to fix her bike while she sit in his car , and they chat .
she survive he as do their four child -- son Anthony and Kelly , daughter Linda Hope and Nora Somers -- and four grandchild .
she take the highly unusual step of skip cabinet to attend a meeting with the president of Rwanda and Uganda .
she tell the inquiry that her husband have receive assurance from his line manager and senior ministry official that when he come forward his name would not be make public .
she win the talent portion singe " if I could " and also win in evening wear .
sheep stand in afield .
sheik doon salad ilmi say civilian casualty result from overnight mortar and rocket attack happen every day .
sheik doon salad ilmi state that civilian casualty result from overnight mortar and rocket attack be admit to the hospital nearly every day .
sheriff : man recover steal car 42 year later
shingarev say it be very difficult to make a nuclear weapon from the plutonium in this fuel .
shooter charge with murder of US black teen
shot , explosion hear as Thais continue Protest in Bangkok
shot fire at german ambassador 's residence in Athens
should I just tell she how I feel ?
should I just wait it out and see how it go ?
signing of the agreement be a peripheral issue of the meeting of chief of defense staff from the 26 ally country of nato .
similar bill pass the House twice but die in the Senate .
since 2006 mexico have adopt a series of measure against drug trafficking and organize crime .
since be draft into service in 1971 , it have rack up a record 45 accident , with 393 death .
since early May , the city have receive 1,400 report , he say .
since early May , the city have receive 1,400 report of dead blue jay and crow , Jayroe say .
sistan - baluchestan border afghanistan and pakistan .
six Australians kill in Laos plane crash
six Democrats and two Republicans be run for her seat and have qualify for the Feb. 3 primary ballot .
six Democrats be vie to succeed Jacques and have qualify for the Feb. 3 primary ballot .
six Police Officers kill in Attacks in Dagestan
six US troop kill in afghan bomb attack
six dead in philippine restaurant blast
six dog run on the sandy beach .
six dog walk beside the beach .
six people be seat at a restaurant table and look into the camera .
six rescue after boat capsize in Dublin Bay
sixteen kill in Venezuela prison
slant blog and when do I do that ?
slide down the embankment , the two rescuer hit the spongy , rocky floor of the river and immediately feel the pull .
slide down the ice , Moriarty and Carella hit the spongy , rocky floor of the river and immediately feel the pull .
slutstamp ! a dear friend from Ohio send I this .
small boat go down a creek .
small dog sit next to white wall .
smeone be lay down .
smile man with reflective class .
smile woman sit wear a vike hat .
sniper wait for result of appeal
snowden release first Russia video
so , I be drop , for now , ask you the question : " where ' s the Marx " ?
so , I do not know how legitimate this be but yeah .
so , short form , yes , it probably be different in different country .
so , you actually believe every word of what Terral write ?
so I actually read the op and guess what I find out .
so answer the question .
so far , Georgia have be return all but $ 70,000 of the money it wire .
so far , authority also have search area in Pennsylvania , Ohio , Indiana , and Michigan .
so far , they have search Pennsylvania , Ohio , Michigan , Illinois and Indiana , authority in those state say .
so that you will admit and verify that I have make no claim .
so which system be not work for we ?
so yes , we do read the bible to learn about Christianity .
soccer player be kick a soccer ball into the goal .
soldier ' can not recall ' massacre
soldier kill in Afghanistan blast
somali mps to elect new president
some 14,000 customer be without power in the area , Oklahoma Gas and Electric say .
some 50 million phone number be register on the list , which be to take effect Oct. 1 .
some 660 prisoner from 42 country , include Canada , be hold , many capture during the war against in Afghanistan the al - Qaida network .
some 660 prisoner from 42 country be be hold at the Naval base at Guantanamo Bay , many capture during the war against Al Qaeda in Afghanistan .
some asean official state such standardization would be difficult due to different country ' political system .
some be grate onion into water .
some believe not slaughter the unborn be most important .
some believe the ' right ' be most important .
some child be jump on Trampoline .
some child be raise their hand and clapping .
some county official pave the way for same - sex marriage
some kid play in a field .
some man be fight .
some man be play guitar .
some man be play soccer .
some man be saw .
some man be skate on the road .
some of the accuse will also be charge with money laundering , tax evasion and corruption .
some official state the task would be difficult for asean member because of varied legal and political system .
some people be singe .
some people be throw a dummy off a cliff .
some people have complete confidence in the people run these institution .
some teenage girl be dance for the camera .
some woman also express concern about a society in which more people than ever be turn to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection .
some woman be also concerned that so many woman be turn to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection .
someone be boil okra in a pot .
someone be carve a statue .
someone be clean a animal .
someone be cook okra in a pan .
someone be crack an egg open .
someone be cut a circle out of a pink sheet of paper .
someone be cut a tomato .
someone be feed a animal .
someone be fold a piece of paper .
someone be fry meat .
someone be grease a pan .
someone be handle a bun .
someone be hold a hedgehog .
someone be hold and pet a baby tiger .
someone be mix ingrediant .
someone be peel a banana .
someone be peel a potato .
someone be play a gameboy .
someone be play a keyboard .
someone be play a piano .
someone be play guitar .
someone be play paino .
someone be play piano .
someone be play with a toad .
someone be pour ingrediant into a pot .
someone be pour milk into a blender .
someone be pour oil into a skillet .
someone be pour tomato sauce into a pot of meat .
someone be put ingredient into a wok .
someone be put rice in a pan .
someone be remove the seed from a bell pepper .
someone be ride a horse .
someone be rinse a large beef steak at the kitchen sink .
someone be scratch an animal belly .
someone be season egg .
someone be season two raw egg in a bowl .
someone be sew thing .
someone be sitre noodle in water .
someone be slice a cucumber .
someone be slice a onion .
someone be slice a tomato .
someone be slice a vegetable .
someone be slice an onion .
someone be slice fruit .
someone be slice tortila 's .
someone drill a hole in a strip of wood with a power drill .
someone fall off a horse .
someone pour olive oil into a bowl of tomato wedge .
someone slice a bottle with a sword .
someone stand on a snowy mountain , watch a plane .
sometimes I , too , fantasise about bend people before my demented will .
sometimes I fantasize about have power .
south africa 's foreign ministry state that south africa 's foreign military assistance act prohibit the recruitment of people inside or outside of south africa for mercenary or foreign military assistance .
south african icon Nelson Mandela hospitalize
south korea and israel oppose proliferation of weapon of mass destruction and an arm race .
south korea have have a bullet train system since the 1980s .
south korea have so far take a cautious stance on the issue of the north korean nuclear reactor project .
south korea launch new bullet train reach 300 kph .
south korean President Sorry for Ferry Response
south korean Workers start leave Joint Factory Zone
south korean soldier kill man try to cross border into North
south korean woman in contact with mer patient die
south korean worker set to leave joint factory zone
southwest flight delay , cancel after computer glitch
southwest ground flight due to computer glitch
sovereign share close on the New York Stock Exchange at $ 15.68 , down 74 cent , or 4.5 percent .
soviet - build a-135 missile defense system around moscow be obsolete and inefficient .
space legend Neil Armstrong die
spain currently hold the osce 's presidency .
spain currently hold the rotate presidency of the osce .
spanish bailout dilemma get more acute
spanish bull gore seven to death
spanish dilemma get more acute
spanish flamenco guitarist Paco de Lucia die at 66
spanish government approve tight restriction on abortion
spanish pm refuse to resign over corruption scandal
spanish train crash driver to be question
spanish train driver Garzon to be question by judge
spate of Iraq attack kill at least six
specifically Gnostic .
specifically a baptist .
spokesman for the FBI , CIA , Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police decline to comment on El Shukrijumah 's stay in Canada .
spokesman for the swiss justice ministry folco galli state that the extradition condition stipulate that mejri can only be prosecute on a single charge of falsify document for which italian authority could provide sufficient evidence to prosecute .
spokesman themba maseko state as long as administrative paper be in order south africa can not intervene to prevent weapon be transport through south african territory to zimbabwe .
spot gold be quote at $ 358.65/359.15 an ounce at 0500 GMT , have dart as high as $ 359.25 -- a level not see since February 25 .
spot gold be quote at $ 367.90/368.60 an ounce at 1000 GMT , have march up to $ 369.50 -- a level not see since February 10 .
sprinter Tyson Gay and Asafa Powell test positive for ban substance
squyre be principal investigator for the Athena payload - a collection of science instrument cart by each rover .
staff writer Brandon Formby and Colleen McCain Nelson contribute to this report .
staff writer Selwyn Crawford and Colleen McCain Nelson and Brian Anderson of DallasNews.com contribute to this report .
stand with reporter and photographer about 150 yard from the prison gate be Brent Newbury , president of the Rockland County Patrolmen 's Benevolent Association .
stanste : Ryanair report 13 % rise in annual profit but warn of slow growth this year
star pay tribute to Cory Monteith
star pay tribute to James Garner
starbuck clear college degree path for worker
stardust be design to gather thousand of dust particle stream from Wild 2 .
start of San Fermin bull - run festival briefly delay as view obstruct by basque flag
state police say as many as 30 worker be trap immediately after the garage collapse .
state radio say it be the last test before the missile be deliver to the armed force .
statement by the Spokesperson of High Representative Catherine Ashton on the late spate of attack in Iraq
statement by the spokesperson of the EU High Representative , Catherine Ashton , on the resumption of execution in Iraq
sterling be down 0.8 percent against the dollar at $ 1.5875 GBP= .
still , he note Miami must decide whether to seek ACC membership for the next school year by June 30 to adhere to Big East guideline .
still , he note that Miami must decide whether to seek a.c.c. membership by June 30 to adhere to Big East guideline .
still , revenue from the extra premium would not be huge .
still , the " somewhat ambiguous ruling " might be a setback for Static Control depend on how it develop its compete product , Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich say .
still love this show .
still refuse to answer my question ?
stock close 0.39 % high
stock edge high after greek debt deal
stock edge low after earning from retailer
stock edge lower follow retail earning
stock fall on third day of government shutdown
stock inch higher in early trading
stock index future point to low start
stock index future signal early loss
stock rise early after greek deal , then flatten
stock rise in early trading
stock rise on hope for a Fed stimulus
stock slump on Wall Street
stock soar on Wall St lead
stock to watch at close on Monday
stock to watch at close on Thursday
stock to watch on Monday
stomach bug to cause ail Nadal to miss Australian Open
stone notify Captain Lord .
stop avoid the question .
storm death toll rise as wind , rain batter north . Europe
storm delay start of republican convention
storm lash Florida , delay republican convention
string of Iraq blast kill at least 32
strip out the extraordinary item , fourth - quarter earning be 64 cent a share compare to 25 cent a share in the prior year .
strong earthquake hit Mexico
strong earthquake in western China kill 47 people
strong earthquake in western China kill at least 75
strong earthquake strike near Acapulco
strong new quake hit shatter Pak region
strong quake hit eastern Indonesia
strong quake jolt most part of Pakistan
student take a ride on airwave
such a step could put the issue before the UN Security Council .
such be the case Thursday night when the Cleveland Cavaliers win the " LeBron James Lottery , " otherwise know as the NBA draft lottery .
sudanese police block protest at human right commission
sudanese protester demand the regime 's ouster
suicide attack kill at least 12 in northern Iraq
suicide blast kill 1 in afghan capital
suicide bomb hit Egypt military in Sinai , kill 4
suicide bomb kill 4 in syrian capital 's Old City
suicide bomber attack US base in Afghanistan
suicide bomber attack Yemen military post
suicide bomber attack algerian security base
suicide bomber attack primary school in Iraq , kill 15
suicide bomber kill 10 in Pakistan
suicide bomber kill 12 in Nigeria church
suicide bomber kill 13 at restaurant in central Somalia
suicide bomber kill 13 in Russia 's south
suicide bomber kill 13 iraqi army recruit in Baghdad
suicide bomber kill 14 at russian train station
suicide bomber kill 14 in Afghanistan
suicide bomber kill 16 in Afghanistan
suicide bomber kill 16 in Russia ’s Volgograd
suicide bomber kill 20 in Iraq
suicide bomber kill 23 iraqi army recruit
suicide bomber kill 3 at US base in Afghanistan
suicide bomber kill 37 at mosque in Afghanistan
suicide bomber kill 9 at Pakistan political rally
suicide bomber kill at least 4 in Kabul
suicide bomber kill eight , wound 13 in afghan capital - police
suicide bomber kill guard at US embassy in Turkey
suicide bomber kill policeman in Pakistan
suicide bomber target nigerian church
suicide bombing rock elite Yemen military camp
super typhoon Haiyan close in on the Philippines
supporter ask a federal court Monday to block the removal of a Ten Commandments monument from the Alabama Judicial Building .
sure , it be possible his home be affect , but not the school .
suspect US drone kill 6 militant in Yemen
suspect US drone target islamic seminary in Pakistan
suspect drone strike kill 4 in Pakistan
suspect drug lord know as ' El Taliban ' hold in Mexico
suspect islamic militant with allege al - qaida link have be arrest in malaysia and singapore .
suspected saudi militant die in lebanese custody
suv park on residential street in Monrovia be tag with " ELF " and other slogan , and another be set ablaze in front of a house , Sgt . Tom Wright say .
swiss cast ballot on world 's high minimum wage
swiss tourist ' gang - rape ' in India
swiss tourist gang - rape in India
swiss tourist gang rape in India , say police
swiss vote on high minimum wage
switzerland 's trade and diplomatic relation with iran have be criticize in recent month after foreign minister micheline calmy - rey travel to tehran in march 2008 to sign a deal with iran 's state gas firm .
switzerland 's trade and diplomatic relation with the islamic republic have be criticize in recent month after foreign minister micheline calmy - rey travel to tehran in march 2008 to sign a gas deal .
sylvester Stalloneâ€ ™ s son , Sage Stallone , find dead in hol
symptom include a stiff neck , fever , headache and sensitivity to light .
syria deny have an undeclared nuclear program .
syria deny the existence of an undeclared nuclear program .
syria have sign the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and have allow agency expert to inspect its only know nuclear facility .
syrian Rebel Groups Battle each other in North
syrian airstrike kill at least 18 in Aleppo
syrian and russian official sign an agreement of cooperation in combat drug trafficking .
syrian army push assault on rebel - hold town
syrian army retake Crusader castle from rebel
syrian army retake historic Crusader castle
syrian civil war in photo
syrian civil war peace talk at risk from Iran invitation
syrian fighter pilot defect to Jordan
syrian force , rebel clash near Turkey
syrian force bombard Homs , Lavrov arrive for talk
syrian force bombard Homs , Russia warn of civil war
syrian force kill 54 ahead of Annan peace mission
syrian force launch new attack
syrian force move to retake Aleppo
syrian force shoot civilian on bus
syrian force storm central town
syrian govt will not stop attack
syrian journalist kill in capital
syrian opposition agree to landmark peace talk
syrian opposition confirm participation in peace talk
syrian opposition in reconciliation talk
syrian opposition offer Assad 's force truce for duration of Ramadan
syrian opposition offer Assad truce in Homs for duration of Ramadan
syrian opposition report ' massacre '
syrian opposition to name delegation for talk
syrian pm defect to Jordan
syrian prime minister ' survive assassination attempt '
syrian prime minister survive assassination attempt
syrian rebel claim responsibility for killing in Lebanon
syrian rebel group battle each other in north
syrian rebel move command from Turkey to Syria
syrian rebel retreat from besiege Homs district
syrian rebel skeptical of chemical weapon deal
syrian regime bid to retake City of Aleppo
syrian regime deny role in Houla massacre
syrian soldier kill in bomb attack
syrian troop push into strategic rebelheld town
syrian war see drag on for year
table with blue table cloth in kitchen .
take advantage have the effect of reinforce .
taliban soldier pose as pretty woman on Facebook to get troop ' secret
tamper with medicine apparently be so lucrative , investigator say , that many of the suspect live in million - dollar home .
tamper with medicine have be so lucrative that many of those arrest live in million - dollar home .
tan cow with ear tag on a grassy field .
tan domestic cat under black tarp .
tech capital Bangalore costly indian city to live in : survey
tech sector heat up : Google and IBM Post Strong earning
tech sell - off send asian stock market lower
tech stock be hurt by a sour forecast from Sun Microsystems , which be view as a bad oman for the upcoming quarterly earning season .
teenage girl kill in east London Shereka Marsh be shoot in the neck , police say
teenager among 5 dead in belgian bus crash
teenager test negative for Ebola
telemarketer who call number on the list after Oct. 1 could face fine of up to $ 11,000 per call .
tell I exactly which system be not work right now ?
tell we what the charge be .
telstra apply to list China site in ny
ten chinese vessel on standby for jet search
ten kill in Alaska plane crash
ten kill in Russia coal mine blast
ten kill in new blast in Russia
ten of Thousands of Ukrainians Protest in Kyiv
ten of thousand line up to cast vote in Bhutan
ten of thousand rally against Putin 's rule ( AP )
ten rescue off Waterford , Dublin coast
ten rocket from Gaza land in southern Israel ; none hurt
ten sheep look at the camera .
tennis : Nadal defeat Djokovic for Monte Carlo title
tense calm return to south Tel Aviv
testimony in trial of former FM Liberman begin
thai army declare martial law
thai bond well in region
thai junta amass security force to smother Bangkok protest
thai junta security force stay in barrack as protest dwindle
thai opposition announce election boycott
thai opposition party to boycott general election
thai opposition protester begin Bangkok shutdown
thai political protest paralyse more ministry
thai protest escalate amid violence
thai protester besiege more ministry
thai protester block polling station in Bangkok
thai protester break into army headquarter
thai protester call general strike
thai protester disrupt advance voting
thai protester launch Bangkok ' shutdown '
thai protester obstruct vote ; 1 dead in violence
thai protester storm army headquarter
thailand : Iranians plan to attack Israelis
than horse stand in a field in front of a fence .
thank Candy for start the thread .
thank to the euro 's rise against the japanese currency , the dollar be at 117.24 yen , well above the overnight 10 - month low of 116 yen .
that Israel do not giva a * * * * what anybody else think .
that be just not how legal brief be write .
that be not an answer .
that be not direct responsibilty to the constituent .
that be not the Moloch scene , though .
that be simple logic if it be not bollock it would not be homeopathy .
that be the big drop since August 1993 and stem from fall price for car , truck , man 's and boy ' clothe and cigarette .
that be up from the year - ago quarter , when the company earn $ 54.3 million , or 22 cent a share .
that be what I find curious .
that be what the datum available show .
that be what the historical record show .
that be when officer throw he to the ground and handcuff he , accord to testimony .
that compare with $ 35.18 million , or 24 cent per share , in the year - ago period .
that compare with January 2000 , when laptop represent less than 25 percent of sale volume , NPD say .
that exploit work on unpatched Windows 2000 machine with Service Pack 3 and 4 .
that just be not how legal reasoning work .
that objection be cite by PeopleSoft 's board in reject Oracle 's offer .
that package include increase to both the city 's sale and income taxis .
that task appeal to two master of the megabyte , Peter Lyman and Hal Varian , professor at the University of California - Berkeley 's School of Information Management and Systems .
that trigger a 47 - hour police standoff that inconvenience thousand of commuter , as traffic back up in Downtown Washington and northern Virginia .
that truck be spot in the Campbells Creek area , fit that description , Morris say .
that victim , a New Jersey resident , be in critical but stable condition at the hospital .
that would make you a sort of accessory , I think .
that would make you partially responsible for their death .
the $ 85 million agreement be reach in September , less than two month after Archbishop Sean O'Malley take over as leader of the nation 's fourth - large diocese .
the 2000 democratic platform support " the full inclusion of gay and lesbian family in the life of the nation . "
the 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey release Wednesday by Statistics Canada say living standard have improve but still lag for the Inuit and those who leave their often impoverished reserve .
the 27 - year - old rapper 's attorney in the civil matter , Mark Gann , do not return call for comment .
the 3 { hour of recording include conversation between police , firefighter and other emergency worker , as well as medium inquiry .
the 30 - year bond < US30YT = RR > firm 24/32 , take its yield to 4.18 percent , after hit another record low of 4.16 percent .
the 30 - year bond US30YT = RR dip 14/32 for a yield of 4.26 percent from 4.23 percent .
the 30 - year bond US30YT = RR firm 31/32 , take its yield to 4.16 percent -- another record low -- from 4.22 percent .
the 30 - year bond US30YT = RR grow 1 - 3/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent , down from 4.35 percent late Wednesday .
the 30 - year bond US30YT = RR jump 20/32 , take its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent .
the 5 permanent united nations security council member be britain , china , france , russia and the united states .
the 51 - year - old nurse work at North York General Hospital , the epicentre of the late outbreak .
the 6 - 3 ruling reinstate a law that tell library to install filter or surrender federal money .
the American Cancer Society and several scientist say the study be flawed in several way .
the American Stock Exchange biotech index .BTK surge 5 percent .
the Americas market will decline 2.1 percent to $ 30.6 billion in 2003 , and then grow 15.7 percent to $ 35.4 billion in 2004 .
the Arizona - base ISM report Monday that its non - manufacturing index rise to 50.7 last month , from 47.9 in March .
the Atlanta Olympic Games attack kill one woman and injure more than 100 other people .
the Bishop of Armidale , Peter Brain , be forthright .
the Boston Archdiocese have face wave of scandal that have not only anger victim ' advocate but parishioner and some priest .
the British Foreign Office say Monday that coalition authority in Iraq be pleased that the man be free .
the British Foreign Office say it have mediate the two man 's release .
the CWA , which represent more than 2,300 Comcast employee , call that excessive when a typical union employee make about $ 27,000 a year .
the California Farm Bureau do not immediately have an official response to Tuesday 's ruling .
the California Farm Bureau do not immediately return call seek comment .
the California be a cargo ship .
the Cleveland Cavaliers win the right to draft James by win the NBA 's annual lottery Thursday night .
the Commerce Commission would have be a significant hurdle for such a deal .
the Communications Workers Union , which represent more than 2,300 Comcast employee , call the executive pay package excessive when a typical union employee make about $ 27,000 annually .
the Competition Commission deliver its verdict yesterday on the propose merger of the two big ITV player , Carlton and Granada .
the Conference Board report its U.S. Consumer Confidence Index slip to 83.5 in June from 83.6 in May .
the Conference Board say its measure of business confidence , which have fall to 53 in the first quarter of 2003 , improve to 60 in the most recent second quarter .
the Connecticut Hospital Association join the Red Cross Monday in call for more blood donor .
the DVD - CCA then appeal to the state Supreme Court .
the Democrat 's 2000 platform do not explicitly support gay marriage but back " the full inclusion of gay and lesbian family into the life of the nation . "
the Department of Homeland Security announce Tuesday that it have select three company to continue research into way to thwart shoulder - fire missile attack on U.S. commercial aircraft .
the Dodgers win their sixth consecutive game and seventh in their last nine as they beat Colorado 3 - 2 on Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium .
the Dodgers win their sixth consecutive game their long win streak since 2001 as they edge Colorado , 3 - 2 , Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium .
the Dow Jones Industrial Average be up 0.3 per cent at 9,886.75 , while the Nasdaq Composite index be 0.4 per cent higher at 1,986.97 .
the Dow Jones Industrial Average fall 98.32 , or about 1.1 percent , to 9011.53 .
the Dow Jones industrial average .DJI edge up 13.33 point , or 0.15 percent , to 9,196.55 .
the Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jump 2.09 percent , while the Standard & Poor 's 500 index .SPX leapt 2.23 percent .
the Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rise 18.25 point , or 0.19 percent , to 9,586.71 .
the Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rise 41.61 point , or 0.44 percent , to 9,415.82 .
the Dow Jones industrial average .dji be off 58.69 point , or 0.64 percent , at 9,137.86 .
the Dow Jones industrial average .dji fall 79.43 point , or 0.86 percent , to 9,117.12 on Friday .
the Dow Jones industrial average < .DJI > be off 58.69 point , or 0.64 percent , at 9,137.86 .
the Dow Jones industrial average < .DJI > be off 7.75 point , or 0.08 percent , at 9,175.47 .
the Dow Jones industrial average < .DJI > rise 49 point , or 0.47 percent , to 10,578 .
the Dow Jones industrial average < .dji > add 28 point , or 0.27 percent , at 10,557 , hit its high level in 21 month .
the Dow Jones industrial average finish the day down 98.32 point at 9,011.53 .
the Dow Jones industrial briefly surpass the 9,000 mark for the first time since December . "
the Dow Jones industrial climb more than 140 point to above the 9,000 mark , the first time since December .
the Dow Jones rise 41.61 point Friday , a gain of 0.4 % for the day and 0.7 % for the week .
the Episcopal Church '' be alienate itself from the Anglican Communion , '' say the Very Rev. Peter Karanja , provost of the all Saints Cathedral , in Nairobi .
the Episcopal Church , with 2.3 million member , be the american branch of the worldwide Anglican Communion , which have 77 million adherent .
the European Commission , the EU 's powerful executive body , describe the move as " legally unwarranted , economically unfounded and politically unhelpful . "
the European Union ban the import of genetically modify food in 1998 ; the United States be now demand that the EU end its ban .
the FBI , CIA , Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police decline to comment on the Washington Times report .
the FTC sign up 50 million phone number for the list , which be due to go into effect October 1 .
the Face of the Franchise : the bad part be that he be not even a leafs fan !
the Fed 's Empire State survey far exceed expectation by jump to 26.8 in June , a record high , from 10.6 in May .
the Fed also say the risk to the economy be bias toward weakness .
the Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) ask Congress today for additional authority to fight unwanted internet spam , which now account for up to half of all e - mail traffic .
the Federal Trade Commission ask Congress yesterday for broad power to attack the rapidly grow problem of spam , which new study show account for half of all e - mail traffic .
the Food and Drug Administration reject ImClone 's 2001 application to sell Erbitux , cite shoddy research .
the Hindus would say the same thing about the Bhagavad Ghita .
the House vote 425 to 2 to clear the bill , the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government .
the Hulk trail last month 's Marvel Comics adaptation , x2 : x - Men United , which gross $ 85.6 - million in its opening weekend .
the Human Element you could sign Lance Berkman at the end of the year I guess ?
the Hunger Games break US box office record
the Infestation post .
the Institute for Supply Management 's index of nonmanufacturing activity rise unexpectedly in April , report say .
the Institute for Supply Management say its index of non - manufacturing activity rise to 50.7 from 47.9 in March .
the International Committee of the Red Cross , fearful for the safety of its staff operate in Iraq , announce it be temporarily shut its office in Baghdad and Basra .
the Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign , of which Mr O Muireagáin be a member , welcome his release .
the Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign , of which he be a member , say he be research a school exchange project .
the Judges order a three - page letter to be file .
the Lede : video : Gunman take Firefighters Hostage in Georgia
the MDC call the strike to force Mr Mugabe to either resign or negotiate a settlement of the Zimbabwe crisis .
the MDC call the week - long protest to urge Mugabe either to resign or to negotiate a settlement of the crisis grip the country .
the MSN Messenger 6 software will be available from 11 a.m. PST on Wednesday , accord to Microsoft .
the Marlins only say : " the issue have be resolve . "
the McLean , Virginia - base company say newspaper revenue increase 5 percent to $ 1.46 billion .
the Metropolitan Transportation Authority , which plan to appeal , be give until May 28 to restore the old subway and bus fare and the old commuter railroad rate .
the Metropolitan Transportation Authority be give two week to restore the $ 1.50 fare and the old commuter railroad rate , York declare .
the Mets take Lastings Milledge , an outfielder from Florida , with the 12th pick .
the Ministry of Defence be face a 20 m compensation claim from hundred of kenyan woman who claim they be rape by british soldier .
the Muslims would say the same thing about the Qur'an .
the Nasdaq Composite Index .ixic be off 6.52 point , or 0.39 percent , at 1,645.66 .
the Nasdaq Composite Index .ixic dip 8.59 point , or 0.48 percent , to 1,773.54 .
the Nasdaq Composite Index .ixic jump 43.64 point , or 2.89 percent , to 1,553.73 .
the Nasdaq Composite index , full of technology stock , be lately up around 18 point .
the Nasdaq be down roughly 0.4 percent for the month , on track to snap a 7 - month streak of gain .
the Nasdaq composite index add 30.46 point , or 2 percent , to 1,520.15 .
the Nasdaq composite index fall 2.95 , or 0.2 percent , for the week to 1,912.36 after stumble 37.78 yesterday .
the Nasdaq composite index rise 13.70 , or 0.8 per cent , to 1700.34 .
the Nasdaq fall about 1.3 % for the month , snap a seven - month winning streak .
the Nasdaq have a weekly gain of 17.27 , or 1.2 percent , close at 1,520.15 after gain 30.46 yesterday .
the Nasdaq have a weekly gain of 17.27 , or 1.2 percent , close at 1,520.15 on Friday .
the Nazis increase the longevity of a handgun permit from   to   year .
the Nazis lower the minimum age to buy a firearm from   to .
the New York Mets then select outfielder Lastings Milledge from Lakewood Ranch High School in Florida .
the New Zealand Commerce Commission have give Westpac no indication whether it would have approve its deal .
the Note 's Must - Reads for August 1 , 2012
the Note 's Must - Reads for Friday , August 23 , 2013
the Note 's Must - Reads for Friday May 24 , 2013
the Note 's Must - Reads for Tuesday October 29 , 2013
the Note 's Must - Reads for Wednesday , May 30 , 2012
the Note 's must Reads for Wednesday July 4 , 2012
the PRC epidemic begin in Guandong province in November , but the Communist Party government refuse to report truthfully about its spread for four month .
the Philadelphia Stock Exchange 's semiconductor index .SOXX jump 6.10 percent .
the Reagan , a float airfield with a flight deck cover 4.5 acre , be the ninth Nimitz - class carrier to be build at the Newport News shipyard .
the Rev. Christopher Coyne , spokesman for the archdiocese , do not immediately return several call seek comment .
the Rev. Christopher J. Coyne , spokesman for the archdiocese , would not comment Friday .
the Rev. John Johnston , 64 , be charge with aggravate harassment in the phone call case and with criminal possession of a weapon , accord to a police statement .
the Royals choose Chris Lubanski , a high school outfielder from Pennsylvania who hit .528 , with the fifth pick .
the S&P / TSX composite rise 87.74 point on the week , while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gain 44.49 point .
the SIA say the dram market be expect to grow 2.9 percent to $ 15.7 billion in 2003 and 43 percent to $ 22.5 billion in 2004 .
the Saint Sophia Camp host religious retreat for child during the summer month as well as other event year round , accord to its web site .
the San Francisco plane crash at a glance
the Senate Banking Committee be schedule to hold a hearing on Tuesday , when Donaldson will be question about hedge and mutual fund .
the Senate Banking Committee be schedule to hold a hearing on Tuesday where Donaldson be schedule to testify on hedge and mutual fund .
the Senate judiciary committee on Tuesday overcome a significant hurdle in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victim of asbestos exposure but the most difficult obstacle remain .
the Senate might support cap noneconomic damage beyond the $ 250,000 Gov. Jeb Bush propose , say Senate President Jim King .
the Standard & Poor 's 500 Index gain 10.89 , or 1.2 percent , to 931.12 as of 12:01 p.m. in New York .
the Standard & Poor 's 500 index advance 6.48 , or 0.7 per cent , to 990.51 .
the Standard & Poor 's 500 stock index end the quarter up 120 point , a gain of 14 percent , the good performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998 .
the Standard Edition One be a single processor version of the Oracle Standard Edition Database .
the Standard Edition be $ 15,000 per processor or $ 300 per name user .
the State University at Stony Brook launch the study in 1996 , after early study indicate a possible connection .
the Supreme Court say Monday the government can require public library to equip computer with anti - pornography filter , reject librarian ' complaint that the law amount to censorship .
the Treasury say want to give retail buyer of all Treasury security the ability eventually to manage holding online in a single account .
the U.S. Capitol be evacuate yesterday after authority detect a possibly hazardous material in the basement of the Senate wing , Capitol Police say .
the U.S. Conference Board say its late measure of business confidence hit 60 after fall to 53 in its first quarter survey .
the U.S. Food and Drug Administration reject ImClone 's original application in December 2001 , say the trial have be sloppily conduct .
the UK population be just over   million .
the US Senate judiciary committee overcome a significant hurdle yesterday in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victim of asbestos exposure .
the University of Michigan plan to release a new undergraduate admission policy Thursday after its acceptance requirement be reject by the U.S. Supreme Court in June .
the University of Michigan release today a new admission policy after the U.S. Supreme Court strike down in June the way it previously admit undergraduate .
the WiFi potty be to be unveil this summer , at music festival in Britain .
the abductee support group hope parliament will change the law soon .
the abductee support group will use the survey to press parliament to pass new law .
the accord say that there be no remain issue and ambiguity regard iran 's nuclear program and activity .
the accuse will be charge with international drug trafficking .
the acquisition have be approve by both company ' board of director and be expect to close in the third quarter this year .
the additional contribution bring total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonne .
the adr fall 10 cent to $ 28.95 at 10:06 a.m. in New York Stock Exchange composite trading today .
the afghanistan - iran border region have be the scene of frequent clash between police and drug smuggler .
the african union have propose a peacekeeping mission to aid the struggle transitional government in stabilize somalia , particularly after the withdrawal of ethiopian force .
the african union have propose a peacekeeping mission to help somalia 's struggle transitional government stabilize somalia .
the agreement aim to establish a wide cooperation cover national security and the fight against global terrorism .
the agreement be sign during a regular meeting of chief of defense staff from the 26 nato ally .
the agreement be sign during iranian majlis ( parliament ) speaker gholam - ali haddad - adel 's visit to cuba .
the airline say a similar discovery be make on the plane in Houston .
the alh 's arsenal includes-- rocket launcher from belgium rocket , gun and engine from france brake system from italy fuel tank and gearbox from britain self - protection equipment from a swedish company .
the american Roman Catholic archdiocese of Boston have offer $ 55 million to settle more than 500 sex abuse lawsuit involve priest .
the american decision provoke an angry reaction from the European Commission , which describe the move as " legally unwarranted , economically unfounded and politically unhelpful " .
the amnesty international report be compile by european and international non - governmental forum .
the amnesty international report be title indian helicopter for myanmar : make a mockery of the eu arms embargo ?
the amnesty international report suggest that-- belgium begin immediate talk with india to prevent future sale of the alh , component or military technology to myanmar .
the analyst , already let go by Merrill , can request a hearing before a NASD panel .
the analyst say they believe the payroll statistic provide a more accurate picture of the economy because they be base on a large sample .
the animal be eat .
the animal be hop .
the anti - defamation league take out full - page advertisment in swiss and international newspaper early in april 2008 accuse switzerland of fund terrorism through the deal .
the appetizer devour , Annika Sorenstam move on to the entree this week at the McDonald 's LPGA Championship .
the area near town of mirjaveh have be the scene of frequent conflict between iranian police and drug smuggler .
the areva group be the world 's large nuclear engineering firm .
the argument be " Albert Einstein do not go to college " .
the arm be keep in a separate room , but the monkey could track their progress by watch a representation of the arm and its motion on a video screen .
the army say the raid , which come just day after israeli troop shoot and kill Abdullah Kawasme , the Hamas leader in the city , target militant in Hamas .
the arrest come just day after israeli troop shoot and kill Abdullah Kawasme , the militant group 's leader in Hebron .
the arrest reveal new detail about the four - month investigation at Selenski 's Mount Olivet Road home .
the attack be believe to have come from russian administration ip address in response to the relocation of a soviet statue in estonia .
the attack occur after a dispute between the government of russia and estonia over the relocation of a soviet war memorial .
the attorney represent al - Halabi , Air Force Maj . James Key III , deny the charge , accord to the Associated Press .
the audiotape air last week by the Arab Al - Jazeera television network appear to be an effort to incite attack .
the average American make four trip a day , 45 percent for shopping or errand .
the baby be laugh and crawl .
the baby be wear a red shirt and walk in a plaza .
the baby crawl through the doorway .
the back of a stop sign with many sticker on it .
the back of the stop sign be adorn with sticker .
the bad part be that he be not even a leafs fan !
the bad thing be there be space .
the bailout be big than TARP Bloomberg news .
the bailout be big than TARP this title be misleading .
the bald eagle be perch on a rope .
the basketball player hold the ball .
the battle around VeriSign"s three - week - old Site Finder service rage on .
the beagle be walk on the beach at the waterline .
the benchmark 10 - year note US10YT = RR lose 11/32 in price , take its yield to 3.21 percent from 3.17 percent late on Monday .
the benchmark 10 - year note be recently down 17/32 , to yield 4.067 percent .
the bill be among the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government .
the bill for the new law be already approve by the japanese government 's low house last week .
the bill propose the new law allow the use of space program for defense be already approve by the low house of japan 's government last week .
the bill say that a woman who undergo such an abortion could not be prosecute .
the bird be sit on the branch .
the bird be swim in the water .
the bird eat the food in the tree from a bowl .
the bird have its wing spread as it fly .
the black and brown dog be run through the snow .
the black and white bull be look at the camera .
the black and white cat be look up at the camera .
the black and white cat with yellow eye lounge in the dirt .
the black and white cow pause in front of the gate .
the black and white dog be swim in the river .
the black and white dog have a stick in his paw .
the black and white dog run through the grass .
the black and white dog swim with a brown object in its mouth .
the black bird be sit on the ground .
the black dog be lie in the grass .
the black dog be run on the grass with a toy in it 's mouth .
the black dog be run through the grass .
the black dog be run through the snow .
the black dog be walk through the tall grass .
the black dog leap off the dock and into the water .
the black dog wear a red collar shake water off .
the blast kill two people and injure more than 150 other .
the blonde woman be wear a black , american flag , tartan cap .
the blue - chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jump 194.14 point , or 2.09 percent , to 9,469.20 after sink more than 1 percent a day early .
the blue - chip Dow Jones industrial average .dji fall 86.56 point , or 0.94 percent , to 9,109.99 , after give up more than 1 percent early .
the blue - chip Dow Jones industrial average ease 44 point , or 0.47 percent , to 9,543 , after score five consecutive up session .
the blue train be at the station .
the body of former Invercargill man Warren Campbell , 32 , and climb companion Jonathan Smith , 47 , be recover from below Mt D'Archiac late yesterday morning .
the body of many of the dead , pull from under the partially derail train , be lay out by the track await identification .
the body of some of the dead , pull out from under the train , be lay out beside the track while emergency service bring in wooden coffin .
the bomb explode in the desert .
the book state that the drug convey a completely positive image .
the bottom line be that the video clip do not show a gas chamber .
the boy be dive into the pool as the couple watch .
the boy be do a stunt , through the air , on his bicycle .
the boy be lie on a couch with a puppy .
the boy be look up at the girl as another girl ignore they .
the boy be play in the sand .
the boy be play the piano .
the boy be ride a tricycle .
the boy be stick in the door of the doghouse .
the boy be take to Nassau University Medical Center , where staff say he be " do okay . "
the boy cut the grass by the curb with scissor .
the boy fall off his bike .
the boy hop from one picnic table to the other in the park .
the boy play his trumpet .
the broad Standard & Poor 's 500 - stock index be up 4.83 point or 0.49 per cent to 980.76 .
the broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX advanced 2 point , or 0.24 percent , to 977 .
the broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX be down 0.04 point , or 0 percent , at 971.52 .
the broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX creep up 4.3 point , or 0.44 percent , to 980.52 .
the broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX fall 3 point , or 0.30 percent , to 995 .
the broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX gain 19.72 point , or 1.98 percent , to 1,015.69 .
the broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX gain 3 point , or 0.39 percent , at 924 .
the broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX give up 11.91 point , or 1.19 percent , at 986.60 .
the broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX inch up 3 point , or 0.32 percent , to 970 .
the broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX rise 3.47 point , or 0.36 percent , to 977.59 .
the broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX rise 6.48 point , or 0.66 percent , to 990.51 .
the broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > advanced 11 point , or 1.25 percent , to 931 .
the broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .spx > be 0.46 point low , or 0.05 percent , at 997.02 .
the broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .spx > be up 9.69 point , or 0.98 percent , at 994.53 .
the broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .spx > gain 5.51 point , or 0.56 percent , to 981.73 .
the broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .spx > give up 11.91 point , or 1.19 percent , at 986.60 .
the broad Standard & Poor 's 500 index .SPX climb 10 point , or 1.10 percent , to 943 .
the broad market also retreat , have climb high for four consecutive week .
the brown and black dog sprint across the snow .
the brown and white dog be play in the snow .
the brown and white dog be walk in shallow water .
the brown and white dog run through the field .
the brown and white dog swim in a swimming pool .
the brown dog be run across the sand .
the brown dog be run along a grassy pathway .
the brown dog jump for a pink Frisbee .
the brown train be sit on the railroad track .
the bulk of the bill - $ 64.7 billion - go for military operation primarily in Iraq and Afghanistan .
the bulk of the fund , some $ 65 billion , will go for military operation in Iraq and Afghanistan .
the camp host summer religious retreat for child and other event year - round , accord to its web site .
the case come out of Illinois and involve a for - profit company call Telemarketing Associates Inc.
the case decide Monday center around an Illinois fund - raiser , Telemarketing Associates .
the cat be attack a corn husk broom .
the cat be drink milk .
the cat be play with each other .
the cat be sit between two bicycle in front of a door .
the cat be stand on the window sill look at the camera .
the cat clean his face with his paw .
the cat play with a watermelon .
the cat shimmy under the bed .
the cat tease the dog by touch his head .
the center 's president , Joseph Torsella , be strike on the head but be able to walk to an ambulance .
the center will be operational in august 2008 .
the center will formally open in 2009 .
the central bank 's policy board leave rate steady for now , as widely expect , but surprise the market by declare that overall risk be weight toward weakness .
the cfe be 1 of several issue negatively impact russia 's relation with the united states and europe .
the cfe be a cornerstone of european security .
the cfe be very important for european security .
the cfe limit the use of armed force and heavy weaponry and prescribe measure aim at confidence - building , transparency and cooperation between member state .
the cfe treaty be a key european arm control treaty .
the cfe treaty be establish in 1990 .
the cfe treaty be sign in 1990 .
the cfe treaty do not duly protect the russian federation 's security interest .
the charge of espionage and aid the enemy can carry the death penalty .
the chef pour oil in the pan .
the child be run in the snow with fence in the background .
the child in the red coat lay in the red mat .
the chinese government give active cooperation and assistance to the organization for the prohibition of chemical weapon inspection .
the chinese government have strengthen china 's anti - proliferation capacity in recent year .
the chinese government have strictly censor china 's chemical import and export accord to the law in recent year .
the clown be strike a pose for the camera .
the comedic mime perform on stage .
the commission estimate California lose $ 1.34 billion -- the most of any state -- to tax shelter in 2001 .
the commission estimate California lose $ 937 million to corporate tax shelter in 2001 .
the committee be appoint by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under order from Congress .
the committee would propose a replacement for the " Robin Hood " school finance system .
the company be also add .Net and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment development toolset , Sapp say .
the company be highlight the addition of .NET and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment ( EAE ) with the new mainframe .
the company do not detail the cost of the replacement and repair .
the company have expand into provide other service for buyer , include payment service .
the company have expand those basic service , offer payment and even finance .
the company have publicly identify Linux as one of its big competitive threat .
the company post a profit of $ 54.3 million , or 22 cent per share , in the year - ago period .
the company say it would issue revise guidance for the full fiscal year next month when it release its Q2 result .
the company say it would renew its guidance for 2003 when it announce its second quarter result in mid - July .
the company say this impact earning by a penny a share .
the company will offer song for 99 cent and album for $ 9.95 .
the computer be currently sell in Canada , the United States , and Korea .
the computer be reportedly locate in the U.S. , Canada and South Korea .
the confusion cap a tumultuous week for the list , which be intend to block about 80 percent of telemarketing call .
the consumer - confidence index come in at 83.5 in June , down slightly from a revised 83.6 in May , the Conference Board say .
the consumer group generate $ 4.47 billion of profit and $ 20 billion of revenue from January to June , 53 % of Citigroup 's profit and revenue .
the conventional force in europe treaty be a key soviet - era arm control treaty .
the conventional force in europe treaty be amend in 1999 .
the conventional force in europe treaty be consider a key arm control treaty .
the conventional force in europe treaty be sign by russian and nato member in 1990 .
the conventional force in europe treaty limit the number of military aircraft , tank and other non - nuclear heavy weapon in europe .
the cook pour oil into the pan .
the country oppose the weaponization of space and an arm race in space .
the couple dance in the church .
the court accuse raghad saddam hussein of fund terrorism .
the covert war in Pakistan
the cow be graze in a field .
the cowboy ride his horse in the desert .
the cradle for the h2200 have space for recharge a second battery .
the crouch man be hold a large camera .
the currency briefly weaken on Monday morning but rebound to trade at 55.25/29 , little change from Friday .
the currency briefly weaken slightly on Monday to trade at 55.34/39 , not far from its record low of 55.75 .
the cyber attack follow russian military strike launch against georgia late last week .
the cyber attack occur after french president nicolas sarkozy 's meeting with exile tibetan spiritual leader the dalai lama .
the cyber attack occur after the french president sarkozy 's meeting with the dalai lama anger the chinese government .
the damage include $ 24 million in compensatory damage and $ 52 million in punitive damage for IDJ .
the damaged area of the garage be not stable , with ` ` the real potential for a secondary collapse , '' McGreevey say .
the dans state the gang engage in illegal activity include racketeering , blackmail , arm smuggling , cigarette smuggling and money laundering .
the dead man , Leon Williams , be find in his third - floor apartment .
the dead woman be also wear a ring and a Cartier watch .
the deal , approve by both company ' board of director , be expect to be complete in the third quarter of Nvidia 's fiscal third quarter .
the deal have be in process for several year .
the deer jump over the fence .
the defendant smuggle more than 11 kilogram ( 24 pound ) of heroin .
the defense can not appeal Roush 's ruling until after the trial .
the department 's position threaten to alienate social conservative , who have provide strong political support for Mr. Ashcroft and President Bush .
the department 's stance disappoint some abortion opponent , and it threaten to alienate social conservative who have provide strong political support for Ashcroft and President Bush .
the department also send water and soil sample to the state health laboratory .
the department order a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds , the state 's large insurer , and an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds , the third - large .
the department order an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds and a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds .
the difference between Grassley and Thomas on energy and Medicare have become so point that other member say their angry personal relationship be embarrass the party .
the dining room table get some afternoon sun .
the director of the Office of Medical Access , Cindy Cripps - Prawak , leave her job after the department introduce a plan to distribute marijuana through doctor ' office .
the district also send letter yesterday inform parent of the situation .
the doctor be help the patient .
the dog be bark at the toy .
the dog be in the air above the grass .
the dog be lay on a bed with a blue sheet .
the dog be play with the floor cleaner .
the dog be pull a man on a type of bike , through the snow .
the dog be run in the snow .
the dog be run on grass .
the dog be run with a yellow ball in his mouth .
the dog be run with food in his mouth .
the dog be stand at the counter .
the dog carry a long stick in its mouth .
the dog play with a bug on the carpet .
the dog pull the dog tail and then his leg .
the dog return the play toy to its master .
the dog run in the water at the beach .
the dog walk along the edge of the pool .
the dog with the red collar be bear it be tooth at the dog with the blue collar .
the dollar be at 117.85 yen against the japanese currency , up 0.1 percent .
the dollar rise 0.15 percent against the japanese currency to 115.97 yen .
the donation of 60,000 ton bring the total of U.S. contribution for the year to 100,000 .
the driver , Eugene Rogers , help to remove child from the bus , Wood say .
the drop in core wholesale price in April reflect fall price for car , truck , man 's and boy 's clothe and cigarette .
the drug be also know as ice or shabu .
the drug have be around in other form for year .
the dvd CCA appeal that decision to the U.S. Supreme Court .
the e - mail - oil firm ask trader about meet with minister
the ecuadorian foreign ministry say in a statement that delegate from the organization for the prohibition of chemical weapon ( opaq ) will also take part in the meeting .
the elephant spray water on themselves .
the end of the Hong Kong protest ?
the ensue battle and airstrike kill at least 10 militant .
the entire thing just make no sense .
the epidemic begin in November in the mainland 's Guangdong province , but the People 's Republic of China refuse to report truthfully about its spread for four month .
the estimate of analyst survey by Thomson First Call be for a loss of $ 2.75 a share .
the euro 's rise against the yen and speculation of japanese intervention help the dollar firm to 117.25 yen , well above a 10 - month low of 116 yen hit on Thursday .
the euro < EUR= > be up 0.67 percent against the dollar at $ 1.1784 after rise to a three - month high early in the session above $ 1.18 .
the euro have slip as much as four cent since match a record peak near $ 1.1935 last week and hit a record high of 140.90 yen in late May .
the euro have slip nearly four percent since match a record peak of around $ 1.1935 only last week and hit an all - time high of 140.90 yen in late May .
the euro soar to $ 1.1914 in asian trading , before slip back to $ 1.1884 in late european trading , up from $ 1.1857 late Monday .
the euro soar to us$ 1.1914 in asian trading , before slip back slightly to us$ 1.1895 as trading open in Europe .
the european union and the united states have freeze al - qadi 's asset .
the executive fine include former Chief Executives Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman as well as former Chief Financial Officer Barry Romeril .
the extradition condition stipulate that the tunisian can only be prosecute for the single charge of falsify document that italian authority can provide sufficient evidence to prosecute .
the family own Cheetahs strip club here and in Las Vegas .
the federal and local government remain largely shut down in the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel , as be school , and much of the region 's transportation network be slow .
the festival kick off yesterday one day after the Competition Commission deliver its final verdict to the Government on the propose £ 4.1 billion merger .
the film be the second of a trilogy , which will wrap up in November with the Matrix Revolutions .
the finding appear in Wednesday 's Journal of the American Medical Association ( news - web site ) .
the finding be be publish today in the Annals of Internal Medicine .
the finding be publish in the July 1 issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine .
the finding be publish in the November 6 edition of the journal Nature .
the fine be part of fail republican effort to force or entice the Democrats to return .
the first trial of a suspect in last year 's Bali nightclub bombing that kill more than 200 people open in Indonesia today , Sky News report .
the flamboyant entrepreneur flag the plan after a meeting in London with australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey .
the flaw involve the Remote Procedure Call ( RPC ) protocol , which deal with inter - computer communication .
the former president also give numerous speech in 2002 without compensation , say his spokesman Jim Kennedy .
the free service be originally intend to block about 80 percent of telemarketer call .
the gang engage in illegal activity include racketeering , blackmail , arm smuggling , cigarette smuggling and money laundering and allegedly use proceed to fund terrorist group in chechnya .
the girl apply face makeup to a man .
the girl be on a swing .
the girl be play along with the image on the big screen .
the girl be ride the horse .
the girl be spray the plant with water .
the girl be tide up her bed .
the girl be use an eye pencil on her eyelid .
the girl be wear a blue stripe shirt and Rollerblades .
the girl dance in front of the bonfire .
the girl dance on the stage .
the girl fly her kite while she run up a hill .
the girl sit on the couch to crochet .
the girl wear a blue shirt be run through a science center .
the global community must cooperate to end illicit trade of small arm and light weapon .
the golden triangle region be 1 of the world 's big producer of opium .
the government do not determine if you be married or not .
the government do not have to declare you marry before you can be marry .
the government have choose three company to develop plan to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder - fire missile attack , homeland security official announce Tuesday .
the government recently shelve peace talk be broker by neighbour Malaysia after a spate of attack on Mindanao , include three deadly bombing , that it blame on the MILF .
the government recently shelve peace talk with the MILF , be broker by Malaysia , after a string of attack , include three bombing , on Mindanao .
the government want to revive talk with the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) to discuss the interim structure .
the grant also fund beach testing in King George County , Norfolk and Virginia Beach .
the great thing about live here be there be space .
the head of the local disaster unit , Gyorgy Heizler , say the coach driver have fail to heed red stop light .
the headlight on a blue car .
the hearing come one day after the Pentagon for the first time single out an officer - Dallager - for fail to address the scandal .
the hearing occur a day after the Pentagon for the first time single out an officer , Dallager , for not address the scandal .
the heatwave be due to a mass of hot , dry air from the southeast , say Mario Almeida of Portugal 's weather service .
the hedgehog chew on the towel .
the hispanic population increase by 9.8per cent from the April 2000 census figure , despite less favourable social and economic condition than in the 1990s .
the horse be run .
the iaea have be investigate iran 's nuclear activity for 4 year .
the iaea report be restrict .
the ideology be build around violent expansion , so yes - violent expansion .
the ideology be build around violent expansion and race superiority .
the ignorance be yours !
the impact of sanction on Russia
the index , which measure activity in the service sector , climb to 50.7 last month from 47.9 in March .
the indian government have prohibit direct or indirect export and import of all item , material , good and technology that could contribute to iran 's enrichment - relate , reprocessing or heavy water - relate activity .
the indictment say he attend important meeting to plan the attack , recruit fellow bomber and coordinate the operation .
the ingredient of such a polypill would contain aspirin , a cholesterol - lower statin , three blood pressure - lower agent in half dose , and folic acid .
the injured passenger at John Peter Smith Hospital die later Friday morning , Jones say .
the injured passenger at John Peter Smith die later in the morning ; his name have not be release , Jones say .
the international atomic energy agency be base in
the international atomic energy agency be the u.n . 's nuclear watchdog .
the international atomic energy agency have no access to people , document , site .
the international atomic energy agency insist that the iranian government 's simple denial of the intelligence present to the international atomic energy agency board be not good enough to allay western country suspicion .
the international atomic energy agency may have be trick because it be eager for a deal .
the international atomic energy agency plan draw out negotiation for many month .
the international atomic energy agency reach an agreement with iranian official that state there be no remain issue and ambiguity regard iran 's nuclear program and activity .
the international atomic energy association state that jordan have agree to the additional measure .
the international community should modernize and seek a fair , reasonable and effective way to enhance the nuclear non - proliferation regime through extensive consultation .
the international institute for strategic study be locate in london .
the intervention force will confiscate weapon , reform the police , strengthen the court and prison system and protect key institution such as the Finance Ministry .
the investment give Larkspur , calif.-base BayStar more than 2.9 million share of SCO common stock , or 17.5 percent of the company 's outstanding share .
the iranian government deny the accusation and insist the nuclear program be for peaceful purpose only .
the iranian government have dismiss the allegation in the intelligence present to the international atomic energy agency board as baseless and the intelligence use to support the allegation as fake .
the iranian government say the nuclear program be peaceful .
the iranian government stated-- the iranian nuclear program remain peaceful .
the islamic republic be the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china .
the island nation report 65 new case on May 22 , a one day record , and 55 new case on May 23 , make Taiwan 's epidemic the fast - grow in the world .
the japanese population be nearly   million .
the jockey be wear purple and ride a brown horse .
the judge also refuse to postpone the trial date of Sept. 29 .
the judicial order accuse raghad of fund terrorism .
the juror be take into the courtroom in group of 40 and ask to fill out a questionnaire .
the jury also find Gonzales guilty of use excessive force by douse Olvera - Carrera with pepper spray .
the jury award TVT about $ 23 million in compensatory damage and roughly $ 108 million in punitive damage .
the jury be not tell about juror nullification .
the killer escape .
the korean Air deal be expect to be finalize " in the next several week , " Boeing spokesman Bob Saling say .
the lady add cheese to the sauce .
the lady be perform a dance .
the lady chop up the green onion .
the lady crack two raw egg .
the lady cut up a green onion .
the lady cut up a potatoe .
the lady peel the shrimp .
the lady pour the rice pudding into a bowl .
the lady put the baby int a trashcan .
the lady put the dry noodle in the hot water to cook .
the lady slice a tomatoe .
the large beige dog be run through the grass .
the large brown and white dog be run through the snow .
the large brown dog be jump through the tall grass .
the large brown dog be run outside in the dirt .
the late on severe Weather : 1 dead in Texas after Tornado
the late shooting link to the spree be a Nov. 11 shooting at Hamilton Township Elementary School in Obetz , about two mile from the freeway .
the late snapshot of the labor market be slightly well than economist be expect ; they be forecast claim to fall no low than 410,000 for last week .
the launch coincide with the JavaOne developer ' conference in San Francisco this week .
the lawsuit name Secretary of State Kevin Shelley , a Democrat , and the registrar of voter in Los Angeles , Orange and San Diego county .
the lawsuit name Shelley , a Democrat , and registrar in Los Angeles , Orange and San Diego county .
the lawyer of michael karras name s.s . dhillon could not be reach for comment .
the lawyer represent Torch Concepts , Rich Marsden do not respond to repeat phone call .
the lead actress nod go to energetic newcomer Marissa Jaret Winokur as Edna 's daughter Tracy .
the legal ruling follow three day of intense speculation Hewlett - Packard Co. may be bid for the company .
the legal ruling follow three day of wild volatility in RIM 's stock over speculation that pc giant Hewlett - Packard Co. may be bid for the company .
the legislation be the most recent effort by japan to ascribe more freedom to its tightly control military and would overturn a ban on the military use of space .
the legislation be the most recent effort by japan to ascribe more freedom to the tightly control military technically know as a self - defense force .
the letter bomb send to Prodi explode in his hand but he be unhurt .
the little boy be singe and play the guitar .
the little girl be put her hair into a pony tail .
the little girl play on the grass with a dog and a ball .
the little girl ride a horse .
the loss occur overnight in Willow Canyon , one of three area in the Santa Catalina Mountains threaten by the 2 - week - old fire that already have blacken 70,000 acre .
the loss occur overnight in Willow Canyon , one of three area in the Santa Catalina Mountains threaten by the resurgent Aspen fire .
the man , who enter the post office in Lakeside shortly before 3 p.m. , give up to deputy about 6:30 p.m.
the man accuse of use fake grenade to commandeer a cuban plane that land in Key West in April be sentence Friday to 20 year in prison .
the man add season to water in a bowl .
the man add vegetable to the broth in the pot .
the man and woman sit on a bench be kiss .
the man be add season to the bean .
the man be balance on the wire .
the man be dance .
the man be draw .
the man be drive a white car .
the man be eat cereal .
the man be eat pizza .
the man be exercise .
the man be fight each other .
the man be fly to nearby Botswana on an Air Malawi flight , the official say .
the man be hold a lemur .
the man be immediately fly to nearby Botswana on a chartered Air Malawi flight , Malawi intelligence official say on condition of anonymity .
the man be jump into the water .
the man be peel an apple .
the man be perform on stage .
the man be play a guitar .
the man be play a guitar and have a drink .
the man be play basketball .
the man be play cricket .
the man be play soccer .
the man be play the drum .
the man be play the guitar .
the man be play the piano .
the man be play the piano with his nose .
the man be play the violin .
the man be play the wooden flute .
the man be play with a skull .
the man be play with the shaggy little dog .
the man be push into the water .
the man be push the van .
the man be put chicken into the container .
the man be put on his shirt near an elevator .
the man be put suitcase into the car 's trunk .
the man be ride a bike down a dirt hill .
the man be ride a horse .
the man be ride a motorcycle down the road .
the man be ride the horse .
the man be season the sausage .
the man be season the vegetable .
the man be shoot a gun .
the man be shoot an automatic rifle .
the man be singe and play the guitar .
the man be sit at a messy table and use a laptop .
the man be sit at the top of a rocky mountain .
the man be sit with a little girl in the park .
the man be slice a fish open .
the man be slice bread .
the man be slice the tape from the box .
the man be stand on the shore hit a ball with a paddle .
the man be stand on the sidewalk in front of the horse .
the man be talk .
the man be talk on the phone .
the man be up in the air .
the man be use a sledghammer to break the concrete block that be on the other man .
the man be walk .
the man be write a letter .
the man cut a paper plate .
the man cut some carpet with a knife .
the man dance in the diner .
the man do pushup on a wall .
the man draw on the white paper .
the man drill hole into the wood .
the man drive his little red car around the traffic .
the man erase the work on the board .
the man erase what the other man have on the board .
the man have enter the post office on Woodside Avenue at Maine Avenue shortly before 3 p.m.
the man have pakistani passport and reportedly be see together at the airport early in the evening , law enforcement source say .
the man hit the other man with a stick .
the man in the backpack look to his left .
the man in the red shirt be climb the side of a mountain .
the man lift barbell .
the man play haki sak in the office .
the man play his guitar .
the man play his guitar with a friend .
the man pose for a photo in front of the train .
the man pour oil on the cut tomato .
the man pour oil on the tomato slice .
the man ride his motorcycle down the highway .
the man run and jump against the wall .
the man set up his camera to take sunset picture at the beach .
the man sing on stage into the microphone .
the man sit in his chair and stare .
the man sit in his suit and smoke .
the man slce through a thick rope with a sword .
the man spank the other man with a stick .
the man spread butter on the loaf of bread .
the man sprinkle cheese on the pizza .
the man sweep the empty living room .
the man take a piece of pepperoni pizza out of the box .
the man take off his sunglass while talk .
the man talk on the telephone .
the man tase the food .
the man use a chopper to chop the onion .
the man use a machine to chop up a potatoe .
the man use a stenograph .
the man wear a blue helmet be ride a Polaris .
the man with a white beard and blue cap be stand in the doorway of a workshop .
the manufacturer have to convince the government it be safe .
the market 's broad gauge also post big gain , have climb high for four consecutive week .
the matter be delicate .
the matter could then be send to the U.N. Security Council .
the measure could be take up by the full Senate as early as Friday .
the meeting be 3 day long .
the meeting be schedule to end Wednesday night , with attendee approve resolution that express the denomination 's view on issue but that be not bind on church .
the meeting last 2 day .
the mexican government have adopt a series of measure against drug trafficking and organize crime within mexico since 2006 .
the military officer bark at the recruit .
the military say it have kill 12 rebel and capture nine in the campaign so far , for the loss of six soldier wound .
the military say it have kill 16 rebel and capture nine in the campaign so far , with one soldier kill and six wound .
the minister from china , laos , india , myanmar and thailand will also address crop substitution initiative for impoverished ethnic minority who still rely on opium cultivation .
the minister from china , laos , india , myanmar and thailand will discuss how to find market for good produce under crop substitution and other related program such as eco - tourism and handicraft manufacturing .
the miss worker , two man and a woman , be inside the building when the first blast occur , Mayor Joe T. Parker say .
the missile explode .
the money I spend adopt Velociraptor .
the monkey be hang from the tree .
the monkey could track their progress by watch a schematic representation of the arm and its motion on a video screen .
the monkey push the other monkey .
the monkey scratch his tummy .
the monkey swing from branch to branch .
the mosquito post .
the mother also allege in the lawsuit that she be sexually assault by one of the guard .
the mother also contend that she be sexually assault by one of the guard during the 1998 confrontation .
the murky water of the South China Sea
the nation 's large retailer have tell its 100 top supplier they have to start use electronic tag on all pallet of good by Jan. 25 , 2005 .
the national denomination of the Episcopal Church , with 2.3 million member , be the U.S. branch of the 77 million - member Anglican Communion .
the network be also drop its Friday night " Dateline " edition .
the network will drop one edition of " Dateline , " its newsmagazine franchise .
the new Army Commander be the Masaka Armoured Brigade commanding officer , Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima who be now promote to major general .
the new Cold War
the new bill would have Medicare cover 95 percent of drug cost over $ 5,100 .
the new law attempt to remove any legal obstacle to build more advanced spy satellite and to help innovation in japan 's space industry .
the new law require library and school to use filter or lose federal financing .
the new policy give great weight to grade , test score and a student 's high school curriculum .
the new product on the desktop side include the late version of Pylon Conduit and Pylon Pro .
the new server will run either Linux or the x86 version of Solaris , he say .
the new study do not support your claim .
the new study show that the titanic story do not stand up to scrutiny imo .
the new version , W32 / Sobig . C - mm , have already reach a " high level " outbreak status by Monday , accord to security analyst .
the newly unsealed 32 - count indictment allege money laundering and conspiracy and " strike at one of the very top target in the drug - traffic world , " Jiménez say .
the news also come in conjunction with Suns annual JavaOne developer conference in San Francisco .
the no - show be Sens . John Kerry of Massachusetts and Bob Graham of Florida .
the no . 11 airline in the world , Air Canada have be under court protection from creditor since April 1 .
the north korean government have warn the south korean government against participate in the proliferation security initiative program .
the north korean government state if the south korean government participate in the proliferation security initiative program it would result in unspecified catastrophic consequence .
the notification be first report Friday by MSNBC .
the nuclear nonproliferation treaty be 37 year old .
the nuclear nonproliferation treaty be review every 5 year .
the number 254 be tabulate with an afp count compile from press and witness report .
the number of execution in iran in 2007 be calculate by an afp count compile from press report .
the number of execution increase dramatically in 2007 amid a campaign which iranian authority state be aim at improve security in society .
the number of execution increase in iran last year amid a campaign that be aim at improve security in society .
the number of household acquire music fall from a high of 14.5 million in April to 12.7 million in May and 10.4 million in June , accord to NPD .
the official do not say whether U.S. force cross into syrian territory and be vague about how the syrian border guard become involved .
the official speak on condition of anonymity .
the official state that this be a complete technology transfer .
the old lady be stand in the kitchen with two cat at her foot .
the one that have   walk home afterwards and go to sleep .
the one that have three walk home and beat his wife .
the only other person who have not be account for Sunday be a man from Fort Worth , Texas .
the onus be on the manufacturer of a product to convince consumer it be safe .
the operate revenue be $ 1.45 billion , an increase over last year 's result of $ 1.38 billion .
the opposition japanese communist party be against the bill propose the new law .
the opposition japanese communist party be against the new law and fear it would lead to a strong military .
the osce discuss kazakhstan 's bid to hold the osce presidency in 2009 .
the osce discuss the possible extension of the osce 's mission in kosovo .
the osce meeting be hold in madrid .
the osce meeting last two day .
the other be give copy of " Dr. Atkins ' New Diet Revolution " and tell to follow it .
the other semifinal between Guillermo Coria of Argentina and Martin Verkerk of the Netherlands be also compelling .
the other victim , Michael Walker , of 550 Barbey Street , be strike in the neck .
the other victim recover Tuesday morning be Al Larsen , 31 , of Fort Worth , Texas .
the panamanian foreign ministry communique state that panama and brazil sign 3 juridical - issue treaty that include an extradition
the panamanian foreign ministry communique state that the task force will facilitate the technological transfer and promote the biofuel production and consumption .
the panel will not begin a formal investigation because the statute of limitation have expire , Plofsky say .
the parent want she keep alive ; her husband say she never want to be keep alive artificially .
the part of the purpose of the united states plan be to increase pressure on north korea .
the pc be scatter across the United States , Canada and South Korea .
the people get off the train .
the people get off the train at the station .
the people have awaken .
the people shout for justice for Trayvon be all hypocrite .
the people throw the dummy over the cliff edge .
the person be remove the scale from the fish .
the person be ride the horse .
the person be slice cheese .
the person light the camera on fire .
the physical evidence do not support your claim .
the pill , which they call the " polypill , " would contain aspirin , a cholesterol - lower drug , three blood pressure - lower drug at half the standard dose and folic acid .
the plan for nigeria and mozambique be the creation an electronic database for real estate .
the plan for tunisia be the creation of electronic database to facilitate tax collection .
the plant will be construct next to an exist plant also supply by china and operational since 1999 .
the plant will be construct next to an exist plant and be project to be operational in 7 year .
the plant would employ 1,000 people when fully build out , the company say .
the point be an unarmed child be murder .
the point be an unarmed child be murder who be black .
the point you quote should say " I never say rehabilitation could never work . "
the polar bear be slide on the snow .
the police officer surround the slum north of rio de janeiro to rid they of violent drug trafficker and seize weapon and drug .
the poppy yield the raw ingredient for heroin .
the portuguese weather service say Europe 's heatwave be cause by a mass of hot , dry air move from the southeast .
the powerful CGT and other union remain opposed to the plan , however , and demand the government renegotiate the reform with they .
the president begin his speech by acknowledge the terrorist attack in Saudi Arabia that kill at least 29 people , include seven Americans .
the pressure may well rise on Thursday , with national coverage of the final round plan by ESPN , the cable sport network .
the pressure will intensify today , with national coverage of the final round plan by ESPN and word that be even more difficult .
the price for everything you need have go up due to inflation .
the price of everything you own IE asset have go down .
the priest , the Rev. John F. Johnston , 64 , of 35th Avenue in Jackson Heights , be charge with aggravate harassment and criminal possession of a weapon .
the primary focus of Systematic Dialectics be syn chronic , not dia chronic .
the privately hold Google be believe to be profitable .
the problem be not who have money .
the problem be simple .
the problem be simple than that .
the problem be who do not have money .
the problem likely will mean corrective change before the shuttle fleet start fly again .
the procedure be generally perform in the second or third trimester .
the product can be instruct to permit business - only use , accord to Sendmail .
the proliferation security initiative call for stop and search ship suspect of carry weapon of mass destruction .
the proportion of Americans with insurance from employer decline to 61.3 percent , from 62.6 percent in 2001 and 63.6 percent in 2000 .
the proportion of people cover by employer drop from 62.3 percent in 2001 to 61.3 percent last year .
the public hearing be the second for the panel create by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under pressure from Congress .
the puppy play with a blue tennis ball .
the purpose of the new law be to remove any legal obstacle to build more advanced spy satellite and to encourage innovation in japan 's space industry .
the question need to be ask .
the quote you provide have nothing to do with jury nullification .
the rally overshadow ceremony mark the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong 's return to China on 1 July 1997 .
the rapist be identify as hossein safarlou and have also be convict of drug trafficking .
the rapper 's lawyer , Mark Gann , do not return call for comment .
the rate of skin cancer have triple since the 1950 in Norway and Sweden , accord to the study .
the reading come back at 160 on June 16 and 120 at June 23 at one of three sample site at Huntington Beach .
the reading for both August and July be the well see since the survey begin in August 1997 .
the rear view of a red Chevrolet concept car .
the rebel be also call for the deployment of a u.s.-le peacekeeping force .
the recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claim " may signal more favorable economic time ahead , " she say .
the red bus be on the street .
the red scooter be sit on the street in front of the building .
the red train and the yellow train on on the track .
the redesign Finder also feature search , coloured label for customize organization of document and project and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac , Windows and UNIX file server .
the report add that " spin " and manipulative public relation " be not the answer , " but that neither be avoid the debate .
the report also claim that there will be up to 9.3 million visitor to hot spot this year , up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002 .
the report be find Oct. 23 , tuck inside an old three - ring binder not relate to the investigation .
the report be find last week tuck inside a training manual that belong to Hicks .
the report by the independent expert committee aim to dissipate any suspicion about the Hong Kong government 's handling of the SARS crisis .
the report forecast there will be 71,079 hot spot worldwide this year , up from just 14,752 in 2002 and 1,214 in 2001 .
the report rank 45 large company base on employment , marketing , procurement , community reinvestment and charitable donation .
the report say there be 27 weak state that pose a threat to britain 's national security as the state could provide basis for terrorist .
the report urge belgium to begin immediate talk with india in order to prevent future weapon sale to myanmar .
the researcher find only empty cavity and scar tissue where the tumor have be .
the researcher give copy of " Dr. Atkins ' New Diet Revolution " to the carb - cutter .
the resolution include a broaden list of individual and entity subject to an asset freeze .
the resolution require all 192 united nations member state to adopt law to prevent terrorist , black marketeer and other non - state actor from manufacturing , acquire or traffic in nuclear , biological or chemical weapon or the material to make they .
the resolution say that the high level of readiness increase the risk of the use of such weapon and that the unintentional or accidental use would have catastrophic consequence .
the result be 3 cent a share low than the forecast of analyst survey by Thomson First Call .
the result be release at Tuesday 's meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and will be publish in Thursday 's New England Journal of Medicine .
the result be to be publish in Wednesday 's issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association .
the rhino graze on the grass .
the riyadh - base naif arab academy for security science say in a statement that it be run a two - week workshop for 50 anti - terrorism expert .
the royal household be brace itself for any more revelation in a Royal Duty , base on the former servant ’s time with Diana , Princess of Wales .
the rule bar group from air ad that promote , support , attack or oppose a candidate at any time .
the russian foreign ministry state that russia have not suspend dialogue .
the russian government strongly oppose u.s . plan to install antimissile defense in europe and dismisses u.s . assertion that the interceptor be need to defend against threat from iran .
the sale leave Mr. Turner with about 45 million share in AOL .
the same survey a month ago have Street lead Katz 42 percent to 34 percent , with 21 percent undecided .
the same survey find the median household income rise by $ 51 , when account for inflation , to $ 43,057 .
the scuba diver be underwater .
the seagull be float on the water .
the search be conduct simultaneously with raid on strip club in San Diego and Las Vegas .
the second proposal be that regional and international non - proliferation issue should be address through dialogue and negotiation .
the server can run Solaris x86 operating system or the standard Linux operating system .
the settlement include $ 4.1 million in attorney ' fee and expense .
the settlement take effect this week be reach less than two month after O'Malley take the helm of the nation 's fourth - large archdiocese .
the seven other nation in the initiative be Britain , Germany , Italy , the Netherlands , Poland , Portugal and Spain .
the sheep be stand under the tree .
the shirtless man sit in a chair .
the shooting victim be take to Kings County Hospital Center , where he later die , the police say .
the show 's closure affect third - quarter earning per share by a penny .
the show 's creator and executive producer , Phil Rosenthal , quip in a statement : " we have a big contract negotiation .
the skateboarder get to the top of the ramp .
the skateboarder ride the pipe wall at a skater park .
the skinny cow be stand on the grass .
the small dog be wear a sweater and look up at the camera .
the smile woman at the beach be bury in seaweed .
the soccer player kick the ball side to side between his leg .
the song be on offer for 99 cent each , or $ 9.99 for an album .
the south african government impose a ban that prohibit the recruitment of people inside or outside of south africa for mercenary or foreign military assistance .
the south african government maintain very good relation with the united states government .
the spacecraft be schedule to blast off as early as tomorrow or as late as Friday from the Jiuquan launch site in the Gobi Desert .
the spacecraft be schedule to blast off between next Wednesday and Friday from a launch site in the Gobi Desert .
the spokesman say there will be an exchange of opinion on topical international and regional matter base on a joint working relationship at the heart of the u.n . kamynin say russia recognize the participation of libya in the work of the u.n . security council .
the state 's population be 6,080,485 in 2000 , accord to the U.S. census .
the state scientific center of applied microbiology have be work with western scientist to convert the complex into a biomedical manufacturing site .
the state want to kill the wolf in approximately a 1,700 - square - mile area near McGrath to establish a moose nursery of sort .
the state want to kill the wolf in approximately a 1,700 - square - mile area near the village of McGrath .
the statement be post on the kremlin web site and carry by state news agency .
the statement do not specify how many warhead the missile can carry .
the statement do not specify the quantity of warhead the missile be capable of carry .
the statewide unemployment rate fall to 6.4 percent , down from a revised 6.7 percent in August .
the stock have rise 63 cent , or 3 percent , to close at $ 20.26 in regular - session Nasdaq trading .
the stock rise $ 2.11 , or about 11 percent , to close on Friday at $ 21.51 on the New York Stock Exchange .
the stock rise 48 cent to $ 30 yesterday in Nasdaq Stock Market trading .
the study also find that skin cancer nearly triple in Norway and Sweden since the 1950s .
the study result be release at a meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and also will be publish in tomorrow 's issue of the New England Journal of Medicine .
the sun be rise behind tree .
the tan and black dog be run across the grass .
the tan and white dog be run in the field .
the tan dog be carry a green squeak toy in its mouth .
the tan dog run through the leave .
the tan horse be in the pasture .
the tech - heavy Nasdaq Composite Index .ixic be off 0.11 percent , or 1.78 point , at 1,594.13 .
the tech - heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index add 1.16 point to 1,504.04 .
the tech - heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index add 14.17 point or 0.94 per cent to 1,517.05 .
the tech - heavy Nasdaq composite index fall 3.99 , or 0.2 percent , to 1,682.72 , follow a two - day win of 55.93 .
the tech - lace Nasdaq Composite .ixic rally 30.46 point , or 2.04 percent , to 1,520.15 .
the tech - lace Nasdaq Composite Index < .ixic > gain 18.35 point , or 1.13 percent , to 1,646.02 .
the tech - laden Nasdaq Composite Index .ixic shed 8 point , or 0.45 percent , to 1,645 .
the tech - load Nasdaq composite rise 20.96 point to 1595.91 , end at its high level for 12 month .
the tech - load Nasdaq composite rise 20.96 point to 1595.91 to end at its high level for 12 month .
the technique be use during the second and , occasionally , third trimester of pregnancy .
the technology - focus Nasdaq Composite Index < .ixic > advanced 6 point , or 0.30 percent , to 2,053 , erase early loss .
the technology - lace Nasdaq Composite Index .ixic be up 7.42 point , or 0.45 percent , at 1,653.44 .
the technology - lace Nasdaq Composite Index .ixic decline 16.68 point , or 1.01 percent , at 1,636.94 .
the technology - lace Nasdaq Composite Index .ixic ease 8.52 point , or 0.51 percent , to 1,670.21 .
the technology - lace Nasdaq Composite Index .ixic fall 23.54 point , or 1.42 percent , to 1,630.08 .
the technology - lace Nasdaq Composite Index .ixic gain 13.73 point , or 0.81 percent , to finish at 1,700.34 .
the technology - lace Nasdaq Composite Index .ixic lose 2 point , or 0.18 percent , to 1,649 .
the technology - lace Nasdaq Composite Index .ixic rise 17.26 point , or 1.06 percent , to 1,640.06 , base on the late datum .
the technology - lace Nasdaq Composite Index .ixic rise 39.39 point , or 2.2 percent , to 1,826.33 , after lose more than 2 percent on Tuesday .
the technology - lace Nasdaq Composite Index < .ixic > add 1.92 point , or 0.12 percent , at 1,647.94 .
the technology - lace Nasdaq Composite Index < .ixic > add 8.27 point , or 0.51 percent , to 1,633.53 .
the technology - lace Nasdaq Composite Index < .ixic > climb 19.11 point , or 1.2 percent , to 1,615.02 .
the technology - lace Nasdaq Composite Index < .ixic > rise 6 point , or 0.41 percent , to 1,498 .
the technology - lace Nasdaq Composite Index < .ixic > tack on 5.91 point , or 0.29 percent , to 2,053.27 .
the technology - lace Nasdaq Composite Index dip 0.08 of a point to 1,646 .
the technology - pack Nasdaq Composite Index < .ixic > drop 37.78 point , or 1.94 percent , to 1,912.36 .
the television and desk of hotel room with lamp lighting .
the theme song to cheer : we be all vessel fill with many wonder .
the third appointment be to a new job , executive vice president and chief staff officer .
the third proposal be that country should advance with the time and seek a fair , reasonable and effective way to enhance the nuclear non - proliferation regime through broad consultation .
the three child be stand on and by a fence .
the toddler be ready to climb the red piece of equipment .
the tortoise be walk .
the train be ride on the track in the snow .
the train come down the track , between two row of tree .
the train sit at the train station .
the transaction will expand Callebaut 's sale revenue from its consumer product business by around 45 percent to some one - third of total sale .
the transaction will expand Callebaut 's sale revenue from its consumer product business to 45 percent from 23 percent .
the treat be originally sign in 1990 .
the treaty be amend in 1999 after the collapse of the soviet union .
the treaty be amend in 1999 to reflect change since the soviet breakup .
the treaty be first sign in 1990 .
the treaty be one of several issue cause tense relation between the government of russia and the u.s . and europe .
the treaty limit deployment of tank and troop in nato and former easter european warsaw pact country and establish confidence - building , transparency and cooperation measure between member
the treaty limit the number of aircraft , tank and other non - nuclear heavy weapon around europe .
the treaty limit the number of aircraft , tank and other non - nuclear heavy weapon around europe and be first sign in 1990 .
the trial , feature 125 witness , could continue until the start of 2004 .
the trial , which could last until early 2004 , be expect to hear the first of 125 witness Friday .
the turtle follow the fish .
the two Democrats on the five - member FCC hold a news conference to sway opinion against Powell and the panel 's two other Republicans .
the two Democrats on the five - member FCC panel hold a news conference to sway opinion against Powell .
the two boy play in the field .
the two dog be in the pen .
the two dog be play fetch in the snow .
the two dog be run on the grass .
the two dog be run through the grass .
the two dog blend in with the stuff animal .
the two invading country later fall out , and have since back rival faction .
the two man do a funny skit with a boxer in front of a crowd of people .
the two people have their head cover with scarf .
the u.s . , other western nation and nato condemn the violence .
the u.s . , other western nation and nato demand a cease - fire .
the u.s . plan have anger the russian government .
the uk agree to supply saudi arabia with typhoon jet in a deal worth an estimate 8 billion pound ( approximately 13.9 billion us dollar ) to the uk defense company bae system .
the unemployment rate be predict to have tick up a percentage point to 6.1 % .
the unemployment rate in San Joaquin County dip last month to 8.5 percent , down nearly a full percentage point from August .
the unemployment rate rise a tenth of a percentage point to 6.1 % , the high level since July 1994 .
the union also stage a five - day strike in March ; strike have precede eight of the last 10 contract .
the union also stage a five - day strike in March that force all but one of Yale 's dining hall to close .
the union ban the import of genetically modify food in 1998 after many consumer fear health risk .
the union have not yet reveal which chain would be target .
the union say it would reveal later which chain would be target .
the united states and other nato member have refuse ratify the amend treaty until russia completely withdraw from moldova and georgia .
the united states and other nato member have refuse to do ratify the update cfe .
the united states and other nato member have refuse to ratify the amend treaty .
the united states and other nato member have refuse to ratify the amend version until russia withdraw troop from former soviet republic moldova and georgia .
the united states and some european nation believe that iran 's nuclear project be for the purpose of make nuclear weapon .
the united states and the ally of the united states believe iran be pursue nuclear arm .
the united states dismiss the action as nuclear blackmail .
the united states government and other nato member have refuse to ratify the amend treaty until official in moscow withdraw troop from the former soviet republic of moldova and georgia .
the united states government have accuse the iranian government of try to develop nuclear weapon under the cover of a civilian nuclear program .
the united states say it would stand up to nuclear blackmail and have rule out negotiation .
the update package help " automate the management of server hardware , application and operating system patch use one tool , " which be unpleasantly vague .
the update product include Pylon Pro , Pylon Conduit , Pylon anywhere , and Pylon Application Server .
the us and ally have accuse iran of attempt to develop nuclear weapon under the guise of a civilian nuclear program .
the valid signature of 897,158 register California voter must be collect and turn in to county election official by Sept. 2 .
the value will total about $ 124 million , include convertible security , accord to Corel .
the venture own five oil refinery and more than 2,100 filling station in Russia and Ukraine .
the victim , who be not identify , be take to king County Hospital where he be pronounce dead .
the vietnam news agency report that the ministry of public security state that foreigner involve in drug trafficking case in vietnam come mostly from laos , cambodia , australia , china , the united states and taiwan .
the vietnam news agency report that the ministry of public security state that police admit that drug trafficking into vietnam be increase but action to prevent and stop the drug trafficking along the border remain limited .
the villager be inadvertently involve themselves in drug trafficking .
the virus kill 44 people in the Toronto area , include one doctor and two nurse .
the virus spread when unsuspecting computer user open file attachment in email that contain familiar heading like " thank you ! " and " re : detail " .
the volatile mix could drag the session beyond the four day allot by Bush , say Senate President Jim King .
the vulnerability affect Windows NT 4.0 , NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition , XP and 2000 , as well as Windows Server 2003 .
the vulnerability exist in the way Microsoft 's Visual Basic for Applications check document property pass to it when a document be open .
the wall - mount flat - screen tv be show a movie .
the wave of scandal anger not only victim ' advocate but parishioner and some priest , to the point that Law could no long run the archdiocese .
the weakness exist in the way that VBA look at the property of document pass to it when the document be open by a host application .
the weather service report maximum sustained wind of nearly 105 mile an hour with strong gust .
the weekend arrest of Russia 's rich man , Mikhail Khodorkovsky , chief executive of oil major yuko , on charge of fraud and tax evasion unnerve financial market .
the well - perform stock be Altria Group Inc. , which rise more than 27 percent to close at $ 42.31 a share .
the western government include the united states and france .
the white airplane be fly in the blue sky .
the white airplane be fly in the sky .
the white and brown dog be shake its ear .
the white and brown dog run across the grass .
the white dog be lay on the wooden floor underneath the table .
the white dog be run along the beach .
the white dog run across the snow .
the white dog run through the ocean .
the white duck be stand on the ground .
the white sheep be stand on the green hill .
the white train be sit on the track .
the whole earth combine produce enough food for   billion people .
the witness , a 27 - year - old Kosovan parking attendant with criminal conviction for dishonesty , be pay 10,000 by the News of the World .
the witness be a 27 - year - old Kosovan parking attendant , who be pay by the News of the World , the court hear .
the woman be crack egg into a bowl .
the woman be cut cooked octopu .
the woman be dice garlic .
the woman be dice onion .
the woman be feed the animal .
the woman be fry a bread pork chop .
the woman be hospitalize June 15 , Kansas health official say .
the woman be lead a dog through an obstacle course .
the woman be peel lemon .
the woman be peel shrimp .
the woman be pencil on eye shadow .
the woman be play the flute .
the woman be play the violin .
the woman be put makeup on the man .
the woman be put paste into a dish .
the woman be ride a horse .
the woman be ride on the brown horse .
the woman be roll dough .
the woman be season the oil .
the woman be shoot a machine gun .
the woman be shoot a rifle .
the woman be singe .
the woman be sit on the red motorcycle .
the woman be sitie down .
the woman be slice a tomato .
the woman be slice fish cake .
the woman be slice herb .
the woman be smoke .
the woman be tap her finger on the table .
the woman be thinly slice a cucumber .
the woman be walk her dog .
the woman be waterskiing .
the woman dropppe eggplant into the pan .
the woman hold a black purse be smoke a cigarette .
the woman pick up the kangaroo .
the world 's first portal potty be soon to be roll out at summer festival in Great Britain .
the world 's two large automaker say their U.S. sale decline more than predict last month as a late summer sale frenzy cause more of an industry backlash than expect .
the yellow motorcycle be park on the street .
the young boy be jump into the pool on his belly .
the young man be skateboard at a skate park .
the young rider take a ride on the brown horse .
their belief be base on speculation that estrogen prevent cell damage and improve blood flow .
their contract will expire at 12:01 a.m. Wednesday instead of 12:01 a.m. Sunday , say Rian Wathen , organizing director for United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700 .
their difference on energy and Medicare have become so pointed other member say it be embarrassing to the party .
their great wealth be protect by the govt .
their leader , Abu Bakr al - Azdi , surrender in June ; his deputy be kill in a shoot - out with saudi force recently .
their leader , Abu Bakr al - Azdi , turn himself in in June ; his deputy be kill in a recent shootout with saudi force .
their vast property be protect by the govt .
then he be malevolent .
then he be not omnipotent .
then the captain come back .
then your confusion do not make I a liar either .
there be , however , no photo of Peter Hollingworth in the June issue examine by the Herald yesterday .
there be , however , no photograph of Dr Hollingworth in the June issue of the magazine examine by the Age yesterday .
there be 103 Democrats in the Assembly and 47 Republicans .
there be a small desk and chair in front of the laundry room .
there be a young boy with a red and blue jacket on feed a sheep .
there be conflict opinion as to the extent of damage suffer by the insurgency .
there be much concern over the drug .
there be much work to be do .
there be no " war " in the middle east .
there be no chance at a fair trial .
there be no chance of a fair trial .
there be no freedom of religion .
there be no freedom of speech .
there be no more egg cell post - fertilization .
there be no more sperm cell .
there be no war in the Middle east .
there be no weapon .
there be now 37 active probable case in the GTA , compare with 70 case on June 6 .
there be several sheared sheep in a pen .
there be simply no winning for Obama among conservative .
there be some who feel like the condition be such that they can attack we there .
there be two white dog and one brown dog chase a ball .
there ’ also at least three suspect case in Illinois and 11 in Indiana .
therefore , the explanation of the existence of the universe be God .
therefore , the universe have an explanation of its existence .
therefore you be not a Christian .
these human right violation include summary execution , torture and the recruitment of child
they also find shortness be associate with a family history of hear loss .
they ask that the autopsy report be unseal after portion of the autopsy report on Peterson 's unborn son that be favorable to the defense be leak to the medium .
they be actually go to record sale for Velcade this year , " say Matt Geller , an analyst at CIBC World Markets .
they be at Raffles Hospital over the weekend for further evaluation .
they be look at each other !
they be not as sovereign as they be before .
they find molecule that can only be produce when ozone break down cholesterol .
they have actually show a cool trend since   due to the recent decline .
they include two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with jordanian passport , and the remainder be Iraqis and Saudis , the official say .
they know that the video do not show a gas chamber .
they later fall out and have back a series of rival congolese militia in recent year .
they make a similar discovery in Houston on another aircraft , Dallas - base Southwest say in a statement .
they pass through the Lemelson Medical , Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership in 2001 to Syndia .
they produce nothing I can eat , wear , live in .
they report symptom of fever , headache , rash and muscle ache .
they say the child be take to Nassau County Medical Center for observation .
they undergo more test over the weekend , and be now ward at Raffles Hospital .
they will not elect as president a Democrat who sound an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous time . "
thief snatch English Channel swimmer 's custom - make wheelchair
thief steal Channel swimmer 's wheelchair
think about all the thing you can not " eat , wear , or live in " .
third man arrest in Savile sex abuse probe
thirty - four of the man have be arrest and the other be be seek , US Attorney Daniel Bogden say yesterday .
thirty - three of the 42 man have be arrest by Wednesday evening , say Daniel Bogden , U.S. attorney in Nevada .
thirty Dead in italian Bus Plunge
this after seven health care worker at a public hospital fall ill with flu - like symptom .
this be America , my friend , and it should not happen here , " he say to loud applause .
this be a black and white picture of a short squat Coca - cola bottle .
this be a hospital that treat everybody as people , and if we could do that throughout the world , we could end terrorism . "
this be a man ride a mountain bike over rock on a clear day .
this be a rear view of a Chevrolet sport car .
this be an increase from the $ 22.5 million and 5 cent a share previously forecast .
this be not a war deployment .
this be not your country .
this be our country .
this be particularly after ethiopia withdraw its force .
this be particularly true in the poor country .
this be rich come from a conservative .
this be the Moloch scene .
this be the last chance to build security in the middle east base on trust and cooperation rather than on the possession of nuclear arm .
this be unacceptable , " say Patrick Pelloux , the president of France 's Association of Emergency doctor .
this be why I support the death penalty .
this break the daily record of   set in .
this eclipse the old record of   set in .
this far aggravate the situation .
this lead last month to the recovery of the 600 - pound cancun altar , Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society announce Wednesday .
this lead to the recovery of the 270 - kilogram Cancuen altar , announce on Wednesday by the Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society .
this northern autumn US trainer will work with soldier from four north african country on patrolling and gather intelligence .
this over the top photo show two man take a break .
this report be clear by the Joint Intelligence Committee .
this year the Audubon Society once again host its annual Christmas Bird Count .
those be partial psychopath .
those may be my top . the money I spend adopt Velociraptor .
those refuse medical card urge to contact HSE
those report be deny by the interior minister , Prince Nayef .
those who ignore history be doom to repeat it .
though the judge can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole , expert say Virginia judge rarely take that opportunity .
thought on race relation under a black president
thousand cross Austria - Hungary border
thousand evacuate after fire break out in Moscow Metro
thousand evacuate in Moscow metro fire
thousand flock to Amsterdam for Queen 's Day
thousand gather for new russian anti - putin rally
thousand gather in Moscow for rival rally
thousand gather to support islamist government in Tunisia
thousand more syrian refugee flee to Turkey overnight
thousand of Britons claim dole in Germany
thousand of Morsi supporter gather in Egypt
thousand of Russians strand abroad
thousand of reveller , celebrate the decision , vow to push for more legal right , include same - sex marriage .
thousand of troop to march for Jubilee
thousand of white - clothe Amsterdammers march for MH17
thousand protest gay marriage
thousand protest gay marriage in France
thousand protest gay marriage in Paris
thousand rally to support embattle Tunisia government
three Afghans dead in new blast at US base in east Afghanistan
three Afghans kill in suicide attack
three NATO soldier kill in Afghanistan
three NATO troop kill in one day in Afghanistan
three Tibetans self - immolate in western China : report
three al Qaeda suspect arrest in Spain
three bomb attack kill six soldier , one civilian
three bottle be on a table .
three boy be dance .
three boy be run on the beach play a game .
three boy play soccer in a field
three child and play and laugh on the floor .
three child be eat their food .
three child be play soccer in the sand .
three child in a ball pit .
three child play on the floor .
three child play with hay outdoors , throw some at camera lens .
three child stand by a pool be cover in foam bubble .
three child stand on or near a fence .
three cow be graze in a grassy field .
three cow graze in a field .
three dead , 63 hurt as New York building collapse
three dead , include gunman , in Maryland mall shooting
three dead in US marathon bomb
three die after car crash at Tian'anmen
three dog , one white and two brown , be run together on a field of grass .
three dog be play in the water .
three dog be run in a field .
three dog be run on the grass .
three dog in the snow by a fence .
three dog play in a grassy field .
three dog play in the shallow next to a rocky shore .
three dog play in the snow .
three dog pull a man on a bicycle through the snow .
three dog race in the snow together .
three dog race on a dirt track
three dog round a bend at a racetrack .
three dog run in the snow .
three dog run on a racetrack .
three dog run through a field .
three dog run through water .
three dog stand in snow next to a blue fence .
three dog swim in the water .
three fear dead after helicopter crash into pub
three fear dead after helicopter pub crash
three free in centre abuse probe
three girl hold umbrella with their back to the camera .
three ice skater round a corner .
three individual be pose on ski behind a " no skiing " sign .
three kill in Brazil stadium collapse
three kill in Crash at Tiananmen Square
three kill in Nigeria suicide bomber attack
three kill in horror crash be name
three little boy cover themselves with bubble .
three man be play chess .
three man be play guitar and singe together .
three man be sit down at a table that have drink on it .
three man in suit sit at a table .
three man sit at the table with beer and food .
three more US soldier kill in Afghanistan
three no vote would kill it for now .
three people on ski be stand behind a no skiing sign .
three people race on ice skate .
three people sit at dinner table smile at camera .
three sheep graze on the grassy field with a dog walk behind they .
three sheep in middle of gravel road .
three sheep on a dirt road view from a passenger vehicle .
three storey building collapse in Ebute Meta
three teenage girl dance in the room .
three white sheep in an enclosure .
three woman be dance .
three woman in indian dress in a crowded room smile .
three woman with brown hair be smile .
three young child play in the hay , throw some at the camera .
three young woman jump into the air to catch a ball .
three young woman stand in a room together .
throughout China 's mainland , the disease have kill 300 people and infect more than 5,270 .
thus , Meta - system - atic Dialectic be Diachronico - synchronic Dialectic .
thus , ultimate sovereignty .
tibet suspect chinese government of create the virus to spy on tibetan exile and the dalai lama .
tibet suspect chinese government of launch the attack .
tibetan monk die after set himself on fire in protest against chinese rule
ticket , available through Ticketmaster , go on sale yesterday .
time of the Season by the Zombies we be all vessel fill with many wonder .
timelapse of Costa Concordia operation
tin foil hat for the dog face , what size do u wear ?
tin foil hat for the sarg , what size do u wear ?
tirana be the capital of
titanic Violin Nabs Record $ 1.4 million
titanic violin sell for $ 1.7 million
to be unconsititutional mean to violate the constitution .
to force a recall election of Davis , the valid signature of 897,158 register California voter must be turn in to election official .
to reach Brad Cooper , Johnson County municipal reporter , call ( 816 ) 234 - 7724 or send e - mail to bcooper@kcstar.com .
to reach John A. Dvorak , who cover Kansas , call ( 816 ) 234 - 7743 or send e - mail to jdvorak@kctar.com .
to repeat : they be not as sovereign as they be before .
to watch pay television , consumer would insert into the set a security card provide by their cable service .
today , Dean end his four - day , 10 - city " Sleepless Summer " tour in Chicago and New York .
today in History , April 23
today in History , Dec. 2
toll from India building collapse hit 25
toll last week offer to buy the company for NZ75c a share , or $ NZ158 million .
top Asian News 1:25 p.m. GMT
top Asian News 8:39 a.m. GMT
top Asian News at 2:30 p.m. GMT
top Asian News at 4:00 p.m. GMT
top Diplomats Discuss Iran 's Nuclear Program
top chinese political advisor meet Greek pm
top chinese political advisor meet yemeni president
top judge Mansour swear in as Egypt interim president
tornado , damaging storm hit U.S. Midwest , kill 5
tornado rip through Midwest , kill 6 and devastating neighborhood
torre finish 4th , miss out on sixth olympic
torre move on after olympic bid fail
toy r Us waive fee for layaway program
toyland by Johnny Mathis we be all vessel fill with many wonder .
track fault disrupt train service between Raffles Place , Marina Bay
trade : Pakistan , India agree to take it a step ahead
trading of EchoStar 's stock close Tuesday at a 52 - week high of $ 32.17 , up $ 1.54 .
trailblaze israeli electric car company Better Place to fold
trailblaze israeli electric car company to fold
train Derailment Kills 4 in New York
train driver in Spain crash question by judge
train glide on track .
train go down the track .
train in a station .
train inside an indoor station .
train pull into a station .
train service disrupt between Raffles Place and Marina Bay
treasurys long - range plan be to provide retail buyer of all Treasury security the ability to manage their holding online in a single account .
tree be bend in storm .
tree be hit by very hard wind .
trial Date Set for Egypt 's Muslim Brotherhood Chief
trouble flare when at least four north korean reporter rush from the Taegu medium centre to confront a dozen activist protest against human right abuse in the North .
tskhinvali be the capital of georgia .
tuition at four - year private college average $ 19,710 this year , up 6 percent from 2002 .
tunisian opposition politician shoot dead
turkish PM Erdogan say " duty " to order crackdown on Istanbul park protest
turkish Prime Minister signal return to hardline on protester
turkish Search end as last missing Miners find
turkish army stage tank exercise near Syria border
turkish authority have say all the suicide bomber be Turks .
turkish pm tell supporter to prepare for rally
turkish pm urge to end protest in Istanbul
turkish police fight protester , clear square
turkish police fire tearga at protester in Istanbul
turkish riot police enter Taksim Square
turkish riot police tear gas Taksim Square protest
turkish search end as last missing miner find
turkmenistan border afghanistan .
tv weatherman Fred Talbot arrest over sex claim
twelve kill as gunman raid village
twelve kill in bomb blast on pakistani train
twenty - four player break par in the first round , the third high figure in U.S. open history .
twin quake kill 89 in China
two - year - old egyptian twin boy , bear with their head conjoin , have be separate after 26 hour of surgery at the Children 's Medical Centre in Dallas .
two American Officers murder as Afghan Unrest continue
two Aust soldier wound in Afghanistan
two Australians kill in Kenya after bus crash into river
two Eagles perch on a branch .
two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with jordanian passport be among the suspect , the official say .
two NATO soldier kill in Afghanistan
two Palestinians die in attack on Israelis ahead of Kerry visit
two Palestinians kill in an israeli Air Strike on Gaza
two Santa tracker compete this Christmas
two U.S. soldier kill in " insider " attack in Afghanistan
two U.S. soldier shoot , kill by afghan soldier
two UK soldier kill in Afghanistan
two animal graze next to a mountain , and a body of water .
two animal sit on a rock .
two arrest make after protest against Nigel Farage
two asian man and a woman be relax in massage chair .
two asian man and asian woman sit in black massage chair .
two baby panda be play .
two bald eagle perch on a branch .
two bay be dance .
two be trap as US building collapse
two big brown dog run through the snow .
two bird be perch on a metal band .
two bird fly near bird feeder .
two bird fly towards water feeder .
two bird interact in the grass
two black and white cow behind a metal gate against a partly cloudy blue sky .
two black and white dog be play together outside .
two black dog in the snow .
two black dog play in the snow .
two black dog walk through the snow .
two blast near iranian embassy in Beirut
two blast near iranian embassy in Beirut , 7 kill
two blonde girl be sit next to a statue
two boy , one wear a hat , in a playground .
two boy be drive .
two boy be play a video game .
two boy be play in the beach .
two boy be play on a trampoline .
two boy be skate boarding .
two boy be talk on the phone .
two boy on a couch be play video game .
two brindle dog run in the grass .
two british soldier kill by afghan policeman
two brown dog be bite each other .
two brown dog be run on the sand .
two brown dog bite each other on sand .
two brown dog run together on sand
two brown horse stand in a green meadow .
two brown horse stand in grassy field .
two brunette girl sit atop a red an yellow motorcycle with a side car .
two bus park on a street .
two cartoon rabbit be kiss .
two cat be fight each other .
two cat be look at a window .
two cat be sit on the back of a couch and look out the window in a sea photo .
two cat sit on the back of a couch look out the window .
two cat sit together on the sofa look out the window .
two child and a black dog be play out in the snow .
two child in a field of red flower .
two child walk down a path in the wood .
two construction worker sit on a beam take a break .
two cow be drink from a pond .
two cow cross a paved street .
two cow cross a road intersection .
two cow graze in a field .
two cow stand in a large field .
two dairy cow drink from a pond .
two dead , 181 hurt in San Francisco air crash
two dead , 7 injure in Finland shoot
two dead , more trap in late Mumbai building collapse
two dead , nine hurt in french building collapse
two die in Syria violence after UN monitor land
two different breed of brown and white dog play on the beach .
two dirt biker ride over dirt hill .
two dog be pee at a red fire hydrant .
two dog be play around in the dirt .
two dog be play in the grass .
two dog be play in the snow .
two dog be play together in the grass .
two dog be run in a grassy field
two dog be run on the grass .
two dog be run through a grassy area .
two dog be shake water off .
two dog be urinate on the red fire hydrant .
two dog be wrestle in the grass .
two dog be wrestle on the ground in the snow .
two dog bind across the grass .
two dog drink water in a lake .
two dog fight in the snow .
two dog in a fenced kennel look ahead .
two dog in a stream .
two dog in a yard .
two dog in snow .
two dog nussle one another in the grass near a lake .
two dog on the beach .
two dog play by the shore .
two dog play in a field .
two dog play in snow .
two dog play in the grass .
two dog play in the sand at the beach .
two dog play in the snow .
two dog play together on the bed .
two dog play with a ball in a puddle .
two dog play with each other outdoor .
two dog play with purple football .
two dog run down a beach .
two dog run in the dirt
two dog run on grass .
two dog run on the beach
two dog run side - by - side on the grass .
two dog run through a field .
two dog run through a grassy field .
two dog run through tall grass .
two dog run through the brush .
two dog run through the snow , one with a tennis ball .
two dog share a toy in a field of vegetation .
two dog sit on a couch with many stuff animal .
two dog stand in a puddle , and one have a yellow tennis ball .
two dog swim in a pool .
two eagle sit on a long branch .
two earthquake hit Northwest China , 11 Dead
two elderly woman sit at a dinner table with a man .
two explosion at Boston Marathon finish line
two female jump off of swing .
two find dead in swimming pool at essex hotel
two fox be eat from a plate on a brick patio .
two french journalist kill in Mali
two german tourist , two pilot kill in Kenya air crash
two girl be in pajama pant and appear to be dance .
two girl be jump high in the air .
two girl be sit in front of a statue .
two girl be walk by a tree in front of a brick building .
two girl dress in black be sit in a room make suggestive pose at the camera .
two girl hold sack be stand in a field .
two girl hold up a scary movie flyer
two girl jump out of swing .
two girl on a guy pose on the bow a boat .
two girl on the shore watch people in a boat fish .
two girl play with people and flower behind they .
two girl talk on the phone .
two girl with baseball cap be eat a snack outside .
two girl with ponytail ride an amusement park ride .
two goat stand in a field by a tree .
two green and white train on track .
two green and white train sit on the track .
two green bird fly above the telephone wire .
two green bird fly towards a wooden telephone pole .
two guy sit on a couch hold beer with a girl lie on their lap .
two hiker stand at the top of a snowy mountain .
two hockey player fight on the ice .
two hockey player in a struggle on the ice .
two homeless man stand outside with a cardboard sign .
two homeless young man hold a cardboard sign .
two horse stand in a pen .
two indian woman with two indian girl near the water .
two kenyan minister among 6 kill in plane crash
two kid be play in a field of red flower .
two kid be play in a swimming pool with a green colored crocodile float .
two kid be walk on a path in the wood .
two kid play with a dog .
two kid push an inflatable crocodile around in a pool .
two kid splash in the water .
two kill , 19 injure in Toronto shoot
two kill , seventeen injure in raiwind road accident
two kill in Arizona skydiving accident
two kill in Bahrain car blast
two kill in Bahrain car explosion
two kill in new israeli strike on Gaza : medic
two lamb stand on a grassy hill .
two large black dog be play in a grassy field .
two large dog run in some grass .
two little boy be play on a playground .
two little girl be play on a trampoline .
two little girl talk on the telephone .
two little orange and white dog be in the snow .
two male , one in red and one in white play a basketball game .
two man be dance .
two man be fight .
two man be fight in a cattle pen .
two man be fight in a cow pasture .
two man be fight use a form of martial art .
two man be pack suitcase into the trunk of a car .
two man be play chess .
two man be play guitar .
two man be play ping pong .
two man be set up some electronic equpitment
two man be talk .
two man catch a fish in a swamp .
two man charge with terrorism offence
two man compete in a tire roll race .
two man in a running contest .
two man in short be sit on a sofa .
two man on boat float on the water .
two man on the side of a barge
two man sail in a small sailboat .
two man sit on the sidewalk in front of store .
two man stand on beach .
two man stand with their bicycle outside a shop .
two man talk in front of a plane .
two man walk past a mural of a car .
two man wear bike helmet .
two motorbike on a dirt track .
two mountain climber stand on the top of a mountain look around .
two mountain goat graze in front of an alpine lake .
two of the Britons , Sandy Mitchell from Glasgow and Glasgow - bear William Sampson , face the death penalty .
two official initially say about 300 worker have be arrest at 61 store in 21 state .
two panda be lay together .
two people be on a golf course play golf .
two people be play golf on a golf course .
two people be race a sidecar motorcycle in the mud .
two people be ride a bike .
two people be ride a motorcycle .
two people be sail a small boat .
two people be walk through some water .
two people dress in white stand on a grass field .
two people flip tractor tire in a race .
two people hold hand and walk in a field .
two people in a red canoe on a clear lake .
two people pad in a yellow canoe down a river with tree in the background .
two people paddle a red canoe be reflect in the still water .
two people paddle in a red canoe with tree in the background .
two people sail a small white sail boat .
two people sit at a table at a restaurant .
two people sit face each other at a table as one point at the other .
two people sit on a dock .
two people sit on a dock near the water .
two people sit on the end of a dock .
two people sit on the end of a dock in the middle of still water .
two people walk along the shore at sunset .
two people walk on the beach at sunset .
two people wear hat sit and look at the camera .
two police officer stand behind a van with a bus in the background .
two puppy be play with each other .
two puppy play around in the grass
two puppy play in the grass
two puppy play with a red chew toy in a field .
two ram stand on snowy ground .
two red bus drive in front of a garden .
two red bus park up with garden in front of they .
two report dead in shoot at Empire State Building in NY
two robot be kiss .
two robot kiss .
two robot share a kiss .
two rooster be fight .
two sheep be stand , look at the camera , face opposite direction .
two sheep on to of a cliff look at the camera .
two sheep stand in a doorway .
two shirtless young people play in the water .
two skinny young boy play with sand in the water .
two skydiver dead after collide during US jump
two skydiver dead after collide during jump in Arizona
two small bird perch on a metal bar .
two smile young woman give the thumb up sign .
two snowboarder be in the air over the snow .
two soccer player battle for the ball during an intense match .
two sumo ringer be fight each other .
two surfer on ride a small wave .
two surfer perform trick in the wave .
two team be play soccer .
two teenage girl , one be smile .
two teenage girl be stand on beside the beach listen to ipod .
two terrier play on the wood floor of their home .
two train be travel on the track .
two train inside a train station .
two white cow in a green pasture .
two white dog be run together .
two white dog walk in the snow .
two white horse stare over a fence .
two woman be dance .
two woman be hug on a couch .
two woman be on a couch .
two woman be pose for the camera and give the thumb up sign .
two woman be shop .
two woman be sit close to each other and talk .
two woman be sit in a cafe .
two woman be wrestle .
two woman be wrestle on the floor .
two woman contestant be walk their dog in a dog show .
two woman in a clothing store .
two woman in a sailboat .
two woman in kitchen with one take a picture .
two woman in the kitchen look at a object .
two woman make something in a blender .
two woman mix something in a food processor .
two woman pose in a dining room with a baby .
two woman pose with a baby .
two woman sheer a sheep .
two woman shop at a clothing store .
two woman sit on a bench , their face obscure , with one woman carry an inflatable tiger and the other woman in a Disney snow white costume .
two woman sit on brown couch .
two woman sit outside laugh .
two woman stand in a living room with a black dog .
two woman stand in a living room with a black dog look towards the camera .
two woman stand in front of tour bus .
two woman stand outside of a bus .
two woman walk there dog at a dog show .
two woman watch the street with their bike to see when they may cross .
two year ago , the House pass a similar version that flounder in the Senate .
two year dope ban for Contador
two year later , the insurance coverage would begin .
two young boy and one young man run on a beach with water behind they .
two young girl wear skirt be play in a garden .
two young kid dress up sit down on chair .
two young people be sit at a table next to a slide glass door , with one person point at the other .
two young woman shear a sheep .
two zebra be play .
typhoon death toll rise to 3633
typhoon survivor raid philippine store
u.n . expert have begin analyze report that state the syrian government be conceal a nuclear facility at the attack site .
u.s . secretary of state condoleezza rice demand russia withdraw its force .
ukraine almost have all of the necessary approval to join the european space agency 's program .
ukraine sign EU trade pact as Russia finalize Crimea annexation
ukraine‚äôs pro - russia protester demand great autonomy
ukrainian President order 7 - day ceasefire in the east
ukrainian Prime Minister resign amid protest
ukrainian parliament dismiss president
ukrainian presidency say deal reach at crisis talk
ukrainian protester back in street for anti - government rally
ukrainian weightlifter get four - year dope ban
under Kansas law , it be illegal for child under the age of 16 to have sexual relation .
under NASD regulation , Mr. Young can file a response and request a hearing before an NASD panel .
under the agreement , Medicare coverage for drug benefit would begin in 2006 .
under the law , telemarketer who call number on the list can be fine up to $ 11,000 for each violation .
under the program , U.S. official work with foreign port authority to identify , target and search high - risk cargo .
under the program , US official work with foreign port authority to seek out high - risk cargo before it can reach the United States .
unger state brazil 's new national defense plan call for establish partnership with country include russia and france to build a state - of - the - art weapon industry .
unicef call for immediate safe access to woman , child in Homs
unifi official Rob O'Neill say : " the glove be off .
unit volume also set a record as notebook account for more than 40 percent of sale .
united states official do not know how far north korea 's nuclear weapon program have progress .
unless it be different in different country ?
unrest in tense Nigeria leave at least 95 dead
until now , sale of the entertainment - orient pc have be limit to the United States , Canada and Korea .
up to 21 , mostly foreigner , kill in Kabul suicide attack
up to 50 dead in spanish train crash
uranium be a radioactive material which be the primary basis for generate dirty weapon of mass destruction and terrorism .
urgent : death toll from NE China fire rise to 112
van der merwe sentence geige to a total of 13 year imprisonment .
van der merwe suspend geige ' sentence to 5 year imprisonment .
variant of the advanced light helicopter ( alh ) contain rocket launcher from belgium ; rocket , gun and engine from france ; brake system from italy ; fuel tank and gearbox from britain ; self - protection equipment from a swedish company and have receive crucial design development and engine control manufacturing from german company .
vatican embassy in Syria hit by mortar ; no injury
vehicle drive infant of an ornate building .
venezuelan President Hugo Chavez die of cancer at 58
venezuelan president to visit China
vermillion , Posey and Madison County population will decline .
very crowded office desk with computer monitor on .
veteran entertainer Bob Hope celebrate his 100th birthday - and many year in showbusiness - on Thursday .
vietnam 's drug law be among the world 's strictest law .
vietnam have among the world 's harsh drug law .
vietnam have among the world 's strictest drug law .
view of a living room with a dining room in the background .
violence continue despite conflicting opinion on the extent of damage suffer by the rebel group .
violent clash mark anniversary of Egypt uprising
volcanic eruption close 3 airport
volcano erupt in Indonesia -100,000 evacuate and airport close
volume be moderate at 827.68 million share , up from 798.95 million at the same point Tuesday .
volume come to 439.66 million share , below 450.39 million at the same point Wednesday .
voracek with the goal .
vote vote it be definitely not what it use to be .
voter in Myanmar hopeful as Suu Kyi 's party claim win
voting cancel in three province in tense Thai election
wait for the contraction to get strong and close together .
wait until they become more consistent and close together .
waqar Younis back as Pakistan coach
war in the middle east .
warm , maybe record .
warn that russia would withdraw from the treaty if western nation refuse to ratify its amend version .
warship set sail for falkland
watch live : US Capitol on lockdown after report of shot fire
watch or warning could be issue for eastern Cuba later on Thursday .
water sample be be send to the state health department for analysis .
wave of attack kill at least 95 in Iraq
wave of bombing kill 15 in Iraq
we all believe that we be get what we expect .
we be all vessel fill with many wonder .
we be mean to explore .
we be mean to move .
we be talk about angel and common pin again , right ?
we be talk about woman as war bounty be we not ?
we both think the movie be good and we do not find it confusing in any way .
we can not do it without you . "
we do not know if any will be SARS , " say Dr. James Young , Ontario 's commissioner of public safety .
we in Britain think differently to Americans .
we intend to appeal vigorously and still expect to be vindicate ultimately .
we need a certifiable pay as you go budget by mid - July or school will not open in September , Strayhorn say .
we never get out of it in the first place !
we remain hopeful that the city will agree to work with we and engage in good - faith discussion on this issue . "
we think they have the right to choose .
we think this be bad law , and we still expect to be vindicate ultimately .
weak earning drag US stock lower in early trade
weak earning drag stock lower
weak earning drag stock lower on Wall Street
weiner fall to fourth in new NYC mayoral poll
weiner shrug off late online sex scandal
weiner stay in NYC mayor 's race amid new sexte scandal
well , whatever , you be aware of it now .
well , whatever , you be now .
wen state that the main purpose of the germany visit be to advance trade , economic and technological exchange .
wen state that the purpose of his visit to germany be to advance trade , economic and technological exchange .
western country ' failure to sufficiently compensate libya will deter iran and north korea from disarm .
western power scramble to befriend Modi
westgate mall attacker spend four month planning in Nairobi
westwood in front a Dubai Desert Classic
what be Russia think on Syria ? a brief guide
what be a girl douche ?
what be more , company be not feel confident enough to replace old pc , the analyst firm say .
what be my opinion of Firefly in the interim ?
what be my opinion regard the series ?
what be not how what be sell ?
what be the " answer " in Chicago ?
what be the nuclear option ?
what be they try to hide ?
what be your definition of " life " ?
what be your definition of " soul " ?
what be your definition of nature ?
what conviction where you talk about before ?
what conviction would that be ?
what do we get in return for do the fighting for they ?
what if they have a personal bias ?
what if they mess up a study ?
what make India vote ? Jaipur Lit fest debate
what make India vote ? debate at Jaipur Literature Festival
what make you think the owl do not participate ?
what the Papers Say , Aug. 19 , 2013
what the Papers Say , June 25 , 2013
what the Papers Say , Mar. 12 , 2013
what the Papers Say , May 20 , 2013
what the Papers Say , Nov. 19 , 2013
what the Papers Say , Nov. 20 , 2013
what the Papers Say , Oct. 10 , 2013
what the Pope 's butler see – aide arrest over Vatican leak
what time be Andy Murray v Roger Federer in the Wimbledon man 's final ? all you need to know about the big game
what time be the Paralympic Opening Ceremony ? everything you need to know about the big curtain - raiser
what we know so far about chemical weapon in Syria 's civil war
what will be the response in California ?
when Christians be extreme its just simply religion .
when Muslims be extreme it be terrorism .
when Ragin 's address be raid , authority find more than 1,000 credit card and duplicate machine .
when an ally decline
when be Prince George 's christening ? baptism plan , royal baby 's godparent and all the detail
when do I compare homo sexuaity with a developmental disorder ?
when fully operational , the facility be expect to employ up to 1,000 people .
when his grandmother , then - Princess Elizabeth , turn 21 in 1947 , the day be declare a public holiday , and she attend a reception and a ball .
when police remove the four from the home , they weigh 136 pound combine .
when the bomb explode at the Casa de España , customer be eat dinner and play bingo .
when the prime minister 's position be establish in the spring , it offer the United States and Israel a way to work around Arafat .
when you cross the line , you violate the constitutional right , " say Charles Weisselberg , a UC Berkeley law professor .
when you cross the line , you violate the constitutional right , " say Charles Weisselberg , who teach law at the University of California , Berkeley .
where be the slant against Bush ?
where do the money come from in the first place ?
where in the world be Ron Paul ?
where in the world be the media ? ?
where long - line use to catch 10 fish per 100 hook in past decade , they be now lucky to catch one , the study find .
while federal prosecutor refuse to discuss the investigation , lawyer and other familiar with it say it remain focused on Campbell .
while opposition party have welcome the cabinet 's decision on anti - retroviral treatment , some say Health Minister Manto Tshabalala - Msimang be not fit to preside over a rollout plan .
while some other part of Africa have be use as Al Qaeda staging ground , Malawi have previously not be a major focus of investigation into the group .
while some other part of Africa have be use as staging ground for the terror group , Malawi previously have not be a major focus of investigation into al - Qaida .
while the Ibrahims have one separation operation , Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres , with several week between each .
while the day 's trading be lackluster , the Standard & Poor 's 500 index be prepare to close out its good three - month period since the fourth quarter of 1998 .
white bus park in grass in front of building .
white cat sit inside of a sink .
white diamond break record in Hong Kong auction
white diamond fetch record $ 34 m at HK auction
who : new virus can probably pass person to person
who abandon 3 Boeing plane at the airport ?
who be ' Jihadi John ? '
who be Jihadi John ?
who care about the syrian people ?
who do it now only produce enough for   billion ?
who make money off google ad sense ?
who spokeswoman Maria Cheng agree , say : " it look very much like an isolated event . "
who supposedly operate the homicidal gas chamber ?
why Cyprus back Cameron 's push for UK air strike in Syria
why Cyprus bailout be nothing more than usual euro nonsense
why be Russians in Damascus ?
why be the Book of Thomas leave out of the canon ?
why be they look at each other like that ? ! ? !
why be you talk about woman within the hebrew tribe ?
why do people like you put scientist on a pedestal ?
why do that transaction take place .
why hate people because they be successful ?
why would the addition of more of Jesus word be leave out of the canon ?
wi sung - lac refuse to give any detail about the north korean nuclear reactor project .
wikileak soldier Bradley Manning acquit of aid the enemy
will Putin 's Election Victory in Russia be greet with protest ?
wind farm developer use ' trick ' to make turbine look small
wire transfer from four of the 40 account open at Beacon Hill total more than $ 3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002 , Morgenthau say .
with 4.7 million people infect with HIV or AIDS , South Africa have the world 's high AIDS caseload .
with all precinct report , Fletcher have 88,747 vote , or 57 percent of the total .
with all precinct report , Fletcher — a three - term congressman from Lexington — have an overwhelming 57 percent of the vote .
with diplomacy heat up in the nearly 10 - month - old crisis , chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing fly to Japan on Sunday en route to South Korea on August 13 .
with diplomacy heat up in the nearly 10 - month - old nuclear crisis , chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing be slate to visit South Korea from August 13 to 15 .
with the Expose ( ex - poh - SAY ) feature , all the open window on the desktop immediately shrink to fit on the screen but be still clear enough to identify .
with the Expose feature , all open window shrink to fit on the screen but be still clear enough to identify .
with the power back on , state worker head back to their job Friday morning .
withdrawal from the conventional force in europe treaty would allow russia to bolster force near russian border .
withdrawal from the treaty would allow russia to bolster force near russian border .
witness hear ' loud boom ' at Boston Marathon
woman at table busy with something .
woman be add sugar to meat .
woman be talk .
woman die after abortion refusal
woman die after cliff collapse in Dorset
woman die in Co Cork house fire
woman die ride roller coaster at Texas amusement park
woman die while ride roller coaster in Texas
woman driver to face insurance premium rise
woman in a black dress walk on the street .
woman in blue shift dress cutting into food .
woman in red overall stand on the sidewalk .
woman kill by fall debris
woman lead her small dog through an obstacle course .
woman model be walk down a catwalk .
woman testify at Air Force instructor 's sentencing
woman to face high car insurance premium
woman who eat potato and other tuberous vegetable during pregnancy may be at risk of trigger type 1 diabete in their child , Melbourne researcher believe .
wooden cabinet in kitchen .
woolly sheep at auction house .
worker die at World Cup stadium
worker kill in India building collapse
worker protest after Bangladesh building collapse
world No.2 Lleyton Hewitt have accuse his professional peer of long - stand malice , include an attempt last year to dupe he into refuse a drug test .
world mourn pass of Mandela
world power , Iran under Rouhani revive nuclear talk
world power and Iran to resume expert nuclear talk on Dec. 30
world power seek rare progress in Iran nuclear talk
world send emergency relief to batter philippine
world stock fall before greek debt deal deadline
world stock rise on hope Fed to keep stimulus
world stock rise on hope for EU , US stimulus
world unite for Mandela memorial
world‚äôs large building open in west China
would he be well for american society ?
wreckage from AirAlgerie flight AH5017 find in Mali
wreckage of Air Algerie plane carry 116 people find in Mali
wrestle to feature in 2020 Tokyo Olympics
yahoo to buy Tumblr for $ 1.1 billion
yeah , I do not think this be that controversial either .
yellow boat on a beach .
yellow scooter park in an alley way .
yellow striped cat rest on blue sofa .
yes , I 've assume that all packaging would be recyclable in my argument .
yes , from today Flash memory purchase from AMD or Fujitsu will be brand Spansion .
yes , it be about dilution .
yes , it be legal to grow .
yes , they be both different .
yes what be his charge .
yet you do not have to declare it .
yolanda death toll climb to 3,621
yorkshire soldier kill in afghan bomb blast
you FOOLS .. buy the   cover - up .. hook ..
you already do that - we have a Muslim in office right now .
you be " a bunch of cell . "
you be a Christian .
you be a girl douche .
you be ask I to prove a negative ?
you be such a bad person ! "
you claim Zimmerman " stalk he down , then shoot he " .
you could sign Lance Berkman at the end of the year I guess ?
you do not know if those factor account for the warming , or not .
you do not mention PFA before that one post .
you do not use the search button AT ALL , do you ?
you do not use the search button much , do you ?
you have never meet anyone that be Pro - abortion ?
you have no remain of a missile at the pentagon .
you have no remain of an a- at the pentagon .
you have no witness for a missile at the pentagon .
you have to much intervention in free market , not too little .
you have too much regulation , not too little .
you mean , you believe the word of the Mainstream Media ?
you mean , you believe the word of the SpringHallConvert ?
you might not like Obamas view , but he have they .
you might not like the position he hold , but atleast he have they .
you need to make up your mind .
you need to polish up on your logic skill .
you need to reread what I write .
you purport to value life very heavily .
you seem as irritated as Henry .
you seem to think that poor people be not responsible for their action .
you should put scientist on a pedestal .
you should stop prefix or suffix everything with you hate Jews .
you wanna know what I find curious ?
you want other to decide over a woman body .
young boy run along the pavement .
young couple sit on a black couch .
young couple sit on couch .
young girl in ride gear on a horse .
young woman in ride gear on top of horse .
your confusion do not make I a liar .
your freedom of speech will be no more prohibited than it be today .
your good friend Mitt .
your misogyny be get messy .
your schtick be get stale .
zabol be a town in southeastern iran .
zahedan be a city in southeastern
zahedan be the capital of sistan - baluchestan province .
zebra be socialize .
zhang stated-- china oppose restrict the peaceful use of nuclear energy by non - nuclear - weapon state on the basis of non - proliferation because the peaceful use of nuclear energy be a crucial objective of the npt .
zhang yan state that all country should abide by non - proliferation obligation in order to enhance mutual trust and create a sound environment for international cooperation in nuclear energy .
zhang yan state that china oppose use non - proliferation as a pretext for restrict and deprive non - nuclear - weapon state of the right to peaceful use of nuclear energy .
zimbabwe : Mugabe declare winner in dispute vote
zimbabwe‚äôs opposition MDC party challenge Robert Mugabe‚Äôs election win
‚ ÄėGlee‚Äô star Cory Monteith find dead in hotel room
